hold up hold up
hold up hold up what's good
yes i do tones yo toe how you feeling
this noon how you feeling this evening
hold up what we doing let me speak you
all my reasons hold up you know that i
get it in your mind give it to you twice
and you need to hit rewind let me tell
you that it's gonna be four times the
kotas i know that i'm gonna meet all
your quotas i'm gonna show ya that i do
it really different shouts to the people
who be seeing me exquisite off the free
i'm gonna shout the freestyle you're
gonna need shots at david griggs he's
gonna see me cut up cut up uppercut the
beat go above your mind they be saying
what's up it's khan cause he raining
storms of his mind down through your
hard drive down in your [ __ ] clouds
now whoa you know that i'm gonna say hey
how we doing get bent in the lyrics that
i say yes i'm gonna fly parallel as i
hand a parallel two dog streak shouts
out to rex hell ah show you that i do
invent hell invent heaven in the reason
that they expel i do experience imma try
to give your magic spells off the top of
my mind spell it lean it like italics
you're gonna see me spit it to you you
know that i get it to you every day i'm
gonna be in the middle number one cause
i won the gold chain and you're gonna
see me done this gold medal in with the
flow hold up say hi what we doing shouts
out to two and three chill inside me yes
i'm gonna size sway every day hey to the
people i may say what's good after joe
day yo yo it'd be two fives nickels
gonna double every time i'm hitting
double nickel better trouble you one
more night in a row with the way that i
hit it down yes i'm getting into the
lane i go to your throat now slice it up
it's cut throat with the game i'm
winning got the pen in the trash signing
competitions off the head with the con
raps hold up the contracts that the sign
in the vibe that's a fact you gonna be
feeling high ah say hi to the people who
gon see me strike yes i roll down my
lane yes i'm hitting all 10 points down
hold up you gon see me spit it till
you're blissful hit it till you're
different yes i got the illest systems
yet i'm gonna do you every day i show my
symptoms of the sickness that i dispel
up in my vision hold up you gon know
that da blair lava hot
how we doing we be feeling our blood
through the heart bump cause we be
feeling really [ __ ] dope in the lines
they be throwing yes i kill it down to
pieces now i'm flying yes i'm sending
all the love i'm sending pieces
hold up
[Music]
how we how we how we doing
[Music]
shouts out to the seven people in the
room
michael hussain
david
teaching you the joke
you don't say that you're fine hey who
just say hey the genus on this man hold
up ain't it really cray how i got the
old school ancient type of suede hold up
what we doing fossilizing way i'm gonna
rock your minds and caved up in the
hieroglyphics let us spit inside your
mind i got the illest symptoms i done
told you that homie been sinked in the
line quicksand couldn't sing quicker
than kind in the flows and the raps yes
i take a deep dive through the minds and
the facts that i do i do i find all that
what we doing yes interacting with the
facts that just chill inside my mind and
i know i got the raps for you you know
that i be riled up in the proud the
lyrics that i be spitting yes there's
gonna be shouts out that i'm gonna ride
on your mind hi how you doing shout out
to the saver yes shout out to the
students shouts out to the pupils open
eyes to the way you learn into the way
i'm burning you a page and you know i'm
gonna say what we doing experience this
age yes you know i'm gonna do it clearly
man hold up you gonna know that i be
just getting in the double time you gon
want the letters inside your mind you're
gonna see me getting sighted lyrics
every day i'm spitting you all the
things you're gonna be needing just
mechanical with code that imma sing yes
encrypted in the souls i'm going to be
going inside you don't you're going to
know it's to be the guy who gonna give
it to you be cold hold up what are we
doing yes i'm childing like you're gold
kind is going to hop up in your mind
you're going to see me shine off the
back of mine yes i spoke y'all i'll
detract like a firefly i got fire raps
in the sky through the five
senses in my mind how we doing yes you
know it's so demented yes i'm gonna
mention guys to be tuned into the
dimensions of all the lines that i'm
spitting yes i'm getting so expensive
with time that i'm spending in my
pensive that's my expensive now you know
i'm moving on or maybe i'll be staying
in the moment you know that i flow this
yes it's fire dynamite yes i might
define khan every night every rhyme they
rewind cause they need to listen to it
twice what we doing you know that i spit
it quick you're gonna see me flick my
big and light it up i get it higher yes
i do it quicker kid what we doing go
with the way i kid around with the flow
whoa you know that that's on the vibe
raise it to be [ __ ] flows now it's
going to be gold wise with the thoughts
yes i'm going to be gold hold up billy's
going to be all my time spent on the
rhymes bent in your mind you another
high how you doing i show you that i'm
getting to the philosophy of my mind and
i know that i'm feeling so easy with the
lines that be moving they be rhyming yes
experience the kind you know i'm
breathing yes i'm reading you another
energy inside your mind the season other
kind it starts now never gonna be ending
just the reason is cause i be feeling
really dope when i'm being hold up you
know that i did the quick kid every time
they be calling god ubiquitous cause i
know that i'm unique with bended hits
yes i do flicker [ __ ] i lick it quick
hold up what we doing i tell you that i
wrote a joint burn it at the top that
was going to be going down i know that
this person owes what the hell oh hello
hi how you doing bro i'm never saying
bye on the beat never adios i got the
visuals and audios all up in your eyes
and your ears suppose kind hear it
different with the flows now
[Music]
how we doing youtube
10 people chilling with me right now
and you know and you know that we
bumping i know
that you're gonna feel the flow now hold
up what we doing you know that i'm gonna
get quick lines in your mind yes i'm
gonna dig it splendid now spent time yes
i lend you my hand high how we doing yes
we waving really quickly now hold up you
know that a fight blast hold up i don't
know what that means but i shine like a
lighthouse when that's fitted to your
yes admire raps that i'm spitting and
they they coming through they say you
fire your man who do who going to stick
up in your mind i'm glowing quick i
crack the light up in your mind i get in
it like super glue never leaving your
mind up in your memories i'm storing you
the experience you know you seeing me
hold up what are we doing you know that
i thunk it different yes i play the
melody like trumpet hold up you know
that i'm gonna rap less lyrics they be
sleeping on me on the [ __ ] mattress
hold up get inside their dreams quickly
yes i'm gonna do it just to spit the
mean lyrics and i get the cold yes i get
the clone line in the rhyme right now
chicken like a metronome now hold up yes
i'm gonna be getting to the vibe con is
gonna be getting so expensive with the
[ __ ] time that he spent up in the
sentence yes i show you all the symbols
that i'm thinking in the messages i'm
high like the symbol and it's off the
hat now what we doing you know that i'm
getting to the vibe in your movement and
you're gonna know i'm drumming in the
[ __ ] rhythmic type of tools that i'm
feeling in the blood that gone steady
pursue another way to move up in my
brain you're gonna know i do i rain
inside the storms up in my brain i think
it really quickly maine hold up lincoln
really gold like a life chain hold up i
see with the cold type of phrase hold up
you know that i go with the flow every
time you know that i get in your dorm
and you want little more so i got a
couple flows for the peace of consuming
the things that i do now
show you that we gonna be moving
different yes it's dangerous with way
i'm gonna aim this [ __ ] cause it be
going to the top it came the kid who
gonna do it really quick you're gonna
want it yes you're gonna know let the
duty never take a note do my duty roll
every time i take a [ __ ] on gang yes
it's gonna be duty bro what we doing i
duty flow right now kind every day i'm
gonna spit your other flows now who to
do gonna do it high and it's slow down
with the way addition use the flows now
uh
downtown bound says i'm going to feature
all the cruel type of flows never know
it's going to be big no pinocchio but
shouts out to the dudes big nose fitted
to your dope
i told you that i'm going to speak words
give it to you yes i'm pumping through
your speakers and you're gonna know that
i'm gonna find this lyrics fine print
yes you call it fineness i show you
hold up
a what we are what we are
[Music]
hold up won't do no whack [ __ ] tonight
i'm a rap it's so fly that this sky high
dive in your wi-fi found wise when's
housing theirs what we doing khan is
gonna build the house right there in
your mind i get it through the rooms in
the air that the tune and beware i show
you that i be getting up in the fact you
know i'm gonna got this fine in the
pocket yes i'm gonna ride it hit the
joint now yes i'm feeling comfortable
chronic with the hot now yes i'm gonna
speak the sun blending in the flow i
take the shape chameleon you know i get
it really twisted yes i see it sun
inside my mind i'm gonna do it yes i
feel it sun inside my body yes i'm
moving yes it's quickly done you know
i'm gonna spit the scripture that you
need undone inside the lines i'm gonna
be swinging in the theories yes you see
me threaded in the things i'm kneeling
in your mind you're gonna see me
speaking ah show you that i do me
shining cooking carbon tire kinda like a
diamond every day i'm finding time to
shine up in the chemistry i'm doing in
the lyrics that i let define hold the
pharmaceutical with the way i'm growing
farming you the truest flows i'm going
to spit it in your mind quick eye going
to show you that i do it got a spitfire
tight mouth every time that i'm gonna be
spitting you the quick style hold up you
know that i been fly you know that i
throw it on your mind yes i'm gonna be
smooth as a lotion bar as i'm gonna
rinse the game slipping out the grips of
people who gon want to twist my phrase
hold up what we doing yes it's
infinitely limitless show you what we
feeling every day i'm going to spit you
this kind do it yes i got the rap i tell
you g i host it with the hospitality
hold up hospitals couldn't handle me
viral through the way i'm killing games
every time i'm gonna play your g game be
the life and the game that i find in my
mind is just gonna be decaying my mind
until it's not there anymore so i'm
gonna do it till it's not there and i'm
gonna [ __ ] spew it in my mind about
your merch yesterday bro is your day 55
you know i feel your energy bro i'm
gonna be feeling really dope cause the
people coming through yes they quick to
show support cause i spit you what you
want every time i'm going to do it might
quote you or i'm spinning you're the
storms in my mind got cyclones or bars
hold up you know that i find that and i
tend to handle every time i'm going to
juice the flow like a pineapple hold up
what we doing yes i'm going to be
intertwined and pineal every time i
speak you the things that you see very
clearly yes i do it see it with the two
eyes yes i do it tripled with your times
every time that it's intertwined with i
yes i'm flipping your mind like
schizophrenia tonight hold up what we
doing got the logic yes i go to down
every time i'm cheesing on your smiles
yes i'm going to show you that the only
propaganda that you're needing now is
the kind is taking over global with the
things he shout
ah
hold up hold up hold up hold up you know
that we feeling different let me show
you that i'm gonna spit raw yes i'm
gonna throw a flow and say rickshaw but
don't know who that is i'm gonna spit
you who that hits in my mind
do it free to be just saying what you
needing is some legalization of all the
things that they be thinking they could
go and control i don't know who thought
they were in their right mind to just
tell another one to be how to live on i
know that is different though cause if
you had guns around and loud that [ __ ]
then people would just do that all night
long i don't know why but you know that
i define the thoughts up in my mind
gonna make the whole globe turn around
hold up tonight you're gonna see me i
might just show you that i'm so into
galactic feelings bright hold a kind
shining through the stars meant this
lyric in your mind yes it's tied in the
sentence intertwined inside the mentals
in the instrumentals yes i burn it in my
vision got the rhyme and journalism that
i do upon the journey with the
linguistics i be spitting yes it's
realism every time you see the symbolism
of the way i'm gonna be the realest to
be spitting you the thing you're gonna
be envisioning i quit never that homie
yes i got the clever raps who be doing
cadences you know i'm bouncing off the
phrases sent up in your mind you know
announcing you the things you gonna get
quick to tune in every day cause it's
gonna be blazing it's kind hey how we
doing you know that i got birth lyrics
in the vibes you know that i do it hot
earned thoughts in my mind always
expelled cause imma shout burst off the
thoughts upon the lyrics that i do i
found thirst for the flow inside the
rhythm yes i'm gonna converse with the
people hey get some [ __ ] commerce how
we doing if you are got a couple colors
tall yes it's
p-a-v-v-r-i-i-c-s you see me move okay
you go no that don't spit into your slow
and i'm spitting you so quick you're
gonna never gonna [ __ ] know what you
heard of entirely that i do it so dirty
imma find thoughts been my mind you
gonna know i'm gonna stop it never that
is craig palmer coming through he
flowing like a manic yes i'm gonna make
you panic with the lyrics and the
patterns hold up yes i'm patting yes i'm
tapping on your head you're feeling
better with the lyrics that i spat
inside the vibe i scatter out the satin
universal way i go and expand inside the
verses i throw how we doing all star
with the converse say hi shine like a
wizard i just got my wine first and i
know that i wandered through the vibes
in my mind and i earned another [ __ ]
time another second birth from the
living life that the people gonna see
kind i don't know how but it's gonna
happen now you know that i'm gonna wrap
answers in my mind yes i'm breaking out
the boxes breaking rectangles now i show
you that they tangled up about the
recommendations how to live their own
life from the other people that they
don't really know
[ __ ]
what we doing you know that i'm gonna
move get up in the line you gonna know
we not confused connie gonna be better
and i don't know what level that he'd be
on right now but you calling me troubled
up
but you all into trouble hold up
[Music]
yay
hey you be
rick essenberg
goat cheese twinkling
coming through
to the room
if you're traveling jack you know that
i'm gonna wrap this fact yes i'm gonna
get it flowed in your mind ready set go
tonight i'm gonna show you that i'm
getting these dope smiles up in your
mind right now yes you take a full stop
tune into the kind you know you never
rolling little bits even yes you're
gonna stop right there and you're gonna
know it gonna be here who'll be getting
shining red in your eyes telling kid to
just stop down on the streets cause you
know that my drive is gonna be the first
thing on your mind is i'm gonna be
bumping you the quick freeze hold up
what we doing you know that i spitting
you all the lyrics and i trouble you
with the lyrics i'ma do it so double
time hold up you know i'm getting on
your mind i know they don't gonna [ __ ]
what we doing hold up let me lock it
then say this grace in your mind you
know that is sweet with the flow like a
glaze and i know what you gon want is a
sweet donut but you know i'm never
getting no hoes inside the flows what
did you thought it'd be creamy in the
line in boston what we doing kind of
spitting you the [ __ ] awesome things
you gon never gloss over on yes you're
gonna tune into the lyrics that i throw
lost in my soul right now don't suppose
the kind do a dope style and your mind
supposed that he gonna hit you in the
dark with the [ __ ] crossbow hit you
with the cross and i hit you with the
combo whoa i'ma show you that i got mo
flows rain king kind spit your [ __ ]
rainbows i tell you that the bars
colorful bending of the arks and the
lyrics that the spark and i know you're
gone see the storms in my mind and the
shocking type of light that i'm shining
in your mind yes enlightening with the
way your son or rhyme yes it's gonna be
so natural with the way i'm feeling now
elemental yes i do gods all the flows
hit you with the boom shots i show you
that i flow ya what you want you gon
know that that's [ __ ] or what you want
now yes they calling congo in the line
now i'm gonna be feeling like it's
einstein cause the emcee couldn't square
up to me let me tell ya that it's
relatively energized with the family
that just gonna vote tonight yes i'm in
your spine just i'll make you twist yes
it's gonna be spiral with the [ __ ]
[ __ ] that i'm gonna be spinning yes i'm
gonna be spinning inside the lines it's
infinite i'll i'll be swimming finn in
it you gon know that i'm blending limits
kid you gon know that i shot the phrase
in my mind yes i'm blowing up to outer
space and you're gonna see me the facts
that i speak gonna be easy you know that
i'll rap you it's gonna be the free sea
off the heezy heebie jeebies they just
keeping
[Music]
they just keeping to be creeping in the
line when i'm speaking you divine lyrics
there don't go in the breach up in your
mind hold up what we doing reaching to
the fire that i'm going to throw yes i
had to blend it in your mind shots are
too valerian i don't know who that is
but shouts out to you
rap fist threaded in the theory type of
[ __ ] like it's fabrics in the [ __ ]
strings that the cat spits i'm clawing
on your mind yes i spitting yarn yes
it's gonna see me in the pleasure little
song yes i'm gonna be showing you the
quilts how i'm laid down in your mind
never lie now i'ma show you all the
truth they be sleeping on the dude but
you know i'll wake up now i'll break you
another tune
ah
how we doing it be 19 people in the line
he's gonna be
spitting you the mighty
see
see what we're doing this is easy
[Music]
to be the best thing that you ever heard
so hope i'm gonna cause a crisis i'm
gonna do a red blue in the gold blue
green yellow yes i do it violet holder
did i miss one probably probably lost in
the mind in my green hold up what we
doing like the other side i'll be
shining brighter with the green type of
vowel that i spit inside the higher type
of feelings you find inside the [ __ ]
chronic of the pocket yes the chemistry
of rhymes i do define it every day i'm
making you the solutions the answers and
the quizzes that i wrote down gonna do
yeah yes you better study all the
lectures that i do dispense up in the
seconds that i'm thinking in my pants
event and scented in the lines yes the
textbook got the context for so i spit
another book it's the hot mess inside of
my mind look really [ __ ] clean when i
get it in an order with the lyrics so
obscene that you're gonna [ __ ] know
that you see the
photos of me go crazy as i'm gonna tie
you the pictures and the audio yes you
hear it too in the things you're gonna
thought my bro in the memory in the
souls inside the eagles bro yes you're
going to see me spit your yes i'm ending
egos now hold up what we doing speak
through the [ __ ] lyrics now hold that
entering deep inside the spirit now yes
i'm going to peak yes there ain't no
cure now cause the dude found out that
he's the only kind and i know i know
defined thoughts up in my mind every day
yes it's gonna be final prince with the
vinyl that i spend in the vibe every day
it's gonna be off the top yes i'm gonna
find time to do it like it's gangnam
style viral with the dance that i do so
advanced i'm gonna show you yes i'm
gonna take a [ __ ] chance on the flow
raps you what stanza the answer is to
just tune into things that that's bad at
ya hold up you gon know that i got to do
toss it to you yes it's gonna be an
alley-oop as i led you down the alley to
the hoop yes you gonna dunk it down had
to hear the swoosh hold up i show you
that i know it's greatness every time
i'm spinning on my axis globalization i
tell you that i know i'm fly yes i'm
scary ghost with the lyrics like a
poltergeist hold up what you seeing me
never goes right i'm a ghost flow off
top you no kind not gone tell you that
he got lines to say
any mo hold up you know that i'll find
you the true flows do it twice with the
language bilingual hold up and be mad
about
logic hold up you know that i sparked
this code with the freeze and it's
global like arctic hold up you know that
i do that detail always prevail with the
message that the scent in the email ah
do it yes i do truth every day it's lol
it's gonna be bigfoot cause the stuff
that i be taking real big in the game
yes you know i'm gonna get it real quick
in the flames [ __ ]
uh
[Music]
hold up hold up
hold up hold up you know that i'm gonna
do the [ __ ] rap thing kind of
thinking twice yes he gonna be
multitasking cause he reading comments
and he thinking in his mind and he
listening to beasts and he's spitting
you the fire holder what we doing you
know that is ball rhymes every time that
they kill you in the [ __ ] war crimes
in the mental yes i'm at war with the
[ __ ] worlds in the vibe that they
think yes you know that the squirrel let
us spin it in a twister yes the
brainstorms chilling hold the kind do
with snow with the [ __ ] feeling hold
the kind go
you know i'm on my surfboard earn more
profs from the people as i say flows
misbehave with thoughts inside of my
brain bro hold up you know that don't
worry about my nut as i'm gonna be
storing it for winter now i stretch to
the way i need to sleep but you know
they not there and i don't know what to
do yes i'm gonna be beware of me i'm
gonna die probably if i don't get more
food to come inside with me but i bet
squirrels could actually be living in
the wind a little bit if they needed to
i don't know it feels weird that you
would sleep for that long but you know
i'm gonna be moving yes i do strong
thoughts in my mind if they needed to
get mo food they probably just exit they
hole and just get a couple nuts or
something and you know that you're gonna
be moving in the [ __ ] flow with bro
let me move on you know what do i just
agree quick every day i spit into
hungary humanity percentages ah [ __ ] yes
a hundred percent of humans don't know
that i'll be getting so blended inside
the movement that i'm saying inside the
geothermal sentence yes i'm early with
the lava that i'm quaking in your
mantras hold up shake it yes i'm baking
all the vibe and y'all know i pull you
in like it's gravity tonight and i know
that i do all the wet freeze con is
gonna be getting in your noodles and
your spaghetti is you see me spit it to
you and i do get you floating high in
the mind like a hoop or spaghetti bro
and i know you flow with the dude i go
in your motherboard and i know it's
coded encrypted in the [ __ ] flow yes
your life i'm a god cause i spit you
what you want and you're feeling really
fine and you know the kind is god and
you know he's you god too so we moving
on everything is infinite we living
really different kid when i be thinking
it it's in the scripture kid you're
gonna know kind's gonna be what they
prescripted inside your mind
[Music]
you two tonight
[Music]
hold up you know that i've been thinking
that i'm gonna be spitting you the squid
ink [ __ ] off the top of the mind on the
mic as i take a big lit you this vibe
every time in the vibe that you get in
the way that you're feeling this verse
i'm gonna be otherworldly with my
[ __ ] word and you're gonna know that
i'm bumping you the language gonna cause
reality inside your domes yes you're
thinking in the language that they
taught up when you was a little kid so
you know whatever your experience you
gonna get it in english or spanish or
whatever you ish and you're gonna see me
spit it really quick so you know i'm
gonna define another reality that you'll
be feeling really fine here with the
things i speak and i know that i got the
word in the vibe i've been giving you
the sky-high type of pilot
the dump island i'm filing on your
drives now khan on his drive now listen
to the cartoon bouncing your mind on a
saturday move every morning with the way
you get the smile who knew that that
speak me wish that i just got three more
flows to the litter genie let them grant
me another way to live my life no imma
figure it out and imma get inside my
dome and to figure out that we be the
whole universe all connected in the
lines that i do gonna birth in your mind
i'm gonna scour all the lyric flowers
that be blooming cause i be the flower
with the way i'm gonna be peddling get
the thoughts up in your brain you know
i'm spiking but i'm looking clean better
not touch the vibe it's the kind you
know that i'm gonna spit your fly lyrics
got me counted up yes i'm organized like
some fibonacci never fibbing
thoughts in my mind yes i'm gonna get it
so connected yes i'm adding all
experience i did it twice now i'm gonna
be in the moment khan move it you know
that i never dilly dally spit the ribbit
probably you know that that's picture
what you're wanting you know that that
speaks songs kind gonna not touch the
meat without the meat tongs
hold the paws you know that that's
picture what you need and i'm a floss in
the vibe every time never add a loss
we're moving on
hold on hold up i wanna i wanna like
i wanna get it moving a little bit
but this beat is fire
who caught my mixtape who bought merch
hey how we feeling youtube
con crew how we doing man
2022 feeling real different
see what we see what we doing do it now
gonna be
crazy yes you gon know that we on the
tour now and we grow bro through the
global hold up yes you gonna know bro
gonna do it really quick with the donors
or the flows volunteering khan is in a
different tier yes the volume siri in
the vibe yes you better turn the knob a
little more right cause you'll be
rocking with flows that that door out of
pocket hold up change it up quick never
[ __ ] domino you know that i knock it
down like a domino hold up i know that i
be dominant i'll show you that i'm gonna
do the stuff that you're gonna want now
say this cadence never latent it be
blatant on time got my mind in your vibe
now i show you that i got all the hearts
and the hot fire hold up you gon
alligator yes i'm going to spit the
lyrics yes i wrapped the flavor every
time in the vibe and i had to spaz every
day yes i fly like in the canary grass
what is that i don't know but is that to
work and imma fly like canary and i spit
you facts
show you that i'm gonna be growing out
the soil and you know i'm gonna spit
that work for it employ it every day i'm
gonna be the boss i'll be the sweet flow
[Music]
yes i'm going to bounce flows in my cold
dream con gonna be a scoundrel with the
potions that they gonna be building yes
he be the wizard and the warlock lock
down your mind yes i do it in the
wartime
show you every day i'm spazzing yes i
generally spit the things you're gonna
be asking four kind do it quick be the
lieutenant kid i do it yes i'm doing it
your time stealing as i'm going to be
producing what you want yes it's going
to be capitalized so duck captain on max
you're going to see me spit you what
you're needing yes i'm going to be the
guy who going to speak it i'll be the
emperor i've been pouring words in your
mind king kong been
dope with verse
[Music]
how we how we doing
[Music]
all right this one has to bump if this
one doesn't bomb we
it has to bump
classic
that one's on my
so you see what we be doing shouts out
to with jerry no che coming through
don't think i forgot about you homemade
hold up you know i flow strong yes
you're gonna see the kind do a roll call
i
show you that this bike and rick up in
the flow yes i'm traveling out to
hussain with all the things i do and i'm
going to spark and host another [ __ ]
flow and you know it's far too close to
tune into the art i host inside your
[ __ ] mind you gon know i find all the
new stuff shout outs are out to david
yes some shots and not to newer oh that
you know that i've been thinking that
i'm on the brink or just spitting you
the english hold up you know they don't
twinkling like a star yes i shine in the
[ __ ] way i'm gonna be inking you the
line inclined to just be on an incline
flying high inside of your mind and it's
been fine as a speaking me every time
yes it's gonna be lava to the neat tree
he sees me and he knows that i do you
the flows really different bro tall man
with the way that i'm bouncing you the
way then i'm scraping through the sky
man hold up what i say man yes the
foundations tune into the flows now
foundation gonna make me the goat now
hold up you know that i found those
styles in my mind chilling lurking and
provoking y'all
every day now you know that done
speaking to the [ __ ] lines yes you
know we all feeling plus cause i'm gonna
be adding you the love every time you
know that i be just saying they got all
of this addiction you know addicted to
their ads that they gonna be encrypted
it's coded inside of they mentals it's
flowing you know that they got the code
addiction you're gonna see me addiction
in your [ __ ] vibe how we doing yes i
wrote your sentences all night long yes
you gon know that i do it yes i got
swole hold tight flows never gonna spit
the
whack throat no
bouncing out bro peace out to you bump
its fist in the line yes this trumpets
high with the melody you're fine hold up
yes
you know that i say hi hello to the
peace i tell you that i see my pleasure
in my mind gonna be that people gonna
tune into me fly in my mind yes it's 18
yes i say these flows and they hear me
it'd be crazy that they take they time
and just listen to the rhymes that i'm
spitting off my mind and you
yes i'm gonna spit it yes i'm looting
all your time connie's gonna show you
that he gonna peruse his mind yes the
rooms inside the mansions and the things
i thought gonna be just gifting you the
pleasure that you got right now in the
rhythm you know that i'm gonna grow
through the flow hold up never that no
push push
four
holder you know that i'll be moving
inside your mind i'm going to be the guy
who gonna say hi how you doing if he
counts to the monster
till you're dead i'm high like a roster
and your noodles and your pastas i'ma
fix your postures ah what we doing yes
no imposter i'm on the roster
team captain homie what we doing
speaking what you need and yes it's
kicking right through
through the net and right there yes
you're gonna say go
oh my dude gonna score every day yes his
goal is to be spitting you the bars off
the brain online so i say that i'm doing
real fine cause 19 gonna tune in to
things that i find clean shouts out to
the peeps it'd be goat cheese it'd be
newer toony lee it'd be dave and david
griggs and it'd be the meat tree and
it's od on a flow he's gonna those these
thoughts gonna go feed on these bars
every time smoke you're like a seaguar
hold up
[Music]
how we really doing how we how we how we
really really
do you you know that i'm going to speak
my peace every day i'm going to be
flowing through the seven seas yes i do
it easy bs is going to be shouts to easy
e as i bump you all the greater flavor
in your mind the 808 is bumping and i
say that i do maintain you to be tuned
into the flames in my brain dude
storming you the twisters every time i
be your wizard hold up yes i'm getting
all the things you're going to be
wishing for what did you thought yes i'd
be the [ __ ] genie who'll be granting
wishes to all the [ __ ] species in
your genes breathe you another [ __ ]
freestyle now your mental gonna spin in
your memory i'll be your remedy you've
been the moment yes you tend to be when
you tune into the focus type of letters
that i breathe hold up what we doing
read the thing i'm gonna [ __ ] breed
[ __ ] it up quick now i'm gonna do it all
to see you that i be planting seeds
royal with the western soil hold up what
we doing king khan do it tilly's do it
everyday hold up now
i know y'all
gonna know i'm never slowing down hold
up no yes it's going down every time i
flow what yo gonna be tuning in yes i
got this quick up in your mind yes i'm
bouncing wet hydra licks you're gonna
see me high with lyrics that i'm gonna
draw in this lick holder yes i got the
[ __ ] lick hold up stole your bathroom
real quick hold up viral on the tick
tock and i've been do what you needed
and you know i'm gonna do the gracious
thing i build it back up yes we be
maintaining balancing the way we swaying
in the [ __ ] way we gaining all the
logic in the mind you know i'll be
detaining all the people thinking they
gonna be prevailing when they step into
the lyrics this i'm gonna detail them
you know clean em in inside and outside
with lines cause i'm always on my drive
and i know it's gonna rock i'll just
[ __ ] stars every day yes i know that
i get the [ __ ] gravity i'm in the
orbit bro yes it's earthly with the way
i'm gonna feel galactical in the vibe
they got the gall and all the antics to
be rapping at the dude who gonna wrap
the [ __ ] flows that never ending just
the patterns that i do i got the
gratitude i'm blending in the raps i'm
going to choose hold up you know that
i'm stepping in my shoes holder you know
that i had to say sure to the people
they be trash throw em in their shirt
hold up should forgot the facts that
they thought that they had so i spit it
one tool into the things i'm thinking in
the into wishing they be in tuition i be
into doing bro what we doing what you
know i don't take it twisted to a
different [ __ ] chemical hold up feel
it blended in your soul whoa
[Music]
how we feeling people
it'd be 20 20 people who gonna see me
steady keep it ready on the lines now
uh how are we doing people hey who who
caught the mixtape if you did
any tracks that stick out
i'm pretty proud of that one man
but the amount of [ __ ] i have on my hard
drive right now i just can't wait 20 22
let's get it
[Music]
okay okay you know that the world gonna
be feeling other worldly yes i'm gonna
spit you another word g what we doing
lean on kind as he be leaning the bars
like
[Music]
swinging in your chair hold up you know
that i bless v every time let that take
this dead tree hold up
my bad my bad
i just
i couldn't hop in
traffic shouts out to you bro
hold up we got a whole bunch of [ __ ]
words now
see this beat this beat is the classic
it was on the mixtape
the dreamer
[Music]
yes sir yes sir yes sir yes sir hold up
you don't want who i'm rocking with
every night yes you gonna know i got it
hold it yes i got the options in your
mind to find i can't do it really
clearly yes i'm on the back nine yes i'm
gonna be switching through the air i
find drive clearly yes i'm going through
i'm gonna land on the green yes i'm
gonna be greener than the other guys who
just landed on the field they be grass
dark hold up you gon know that i'm gonna
be chipping yes i got a [ __ ] line in
the vibe i'm pitching kind do it quicker
i take a picture i'm gonna be putting
you the way i'm gonna strut your
scripture hold up you know that i'm
spitting you the mean flows matthew
poulter coming through with these notes
a vibe yes i'm gonna pound in the vibe
five times high five clapping with the
guys
show you that i do it yes i'm going to
do me
every day i hope you won't be feeling
true chi cause you know that i see that
you really be in touch cause you're
feeling little depressed my g i don't
know what to do henceforth move inside
your mind i don't know what's really
going on but you could probably figure
out if you had time maybe you don't i
don't wanna go imply that i got
solutions you just need to believe that
if you be in the moment then you find
the energy that you're going through and
figure out the solvents in your mind
problems in your mind hold up all right
you know that i'm going through the
vibes and the blessed verse give it to
you clearly they be saying yes sir i be
traveling out to jack shouts out yes i
got the facts for you signing you the
rhythm in these [ __ ] contracts hold
up you know i rap it ben i'm gonna get
it quick in your vibe like an amulet i'm
shining on your neck hold up you know
that that's picture all the finesties
yes i got pineapples yes i got hawaiian
breeze yes i'm feeling that paradise
inside my feet hold up what we doing
i'll be telling you my me gonna be
chilling in the vibe that i see that i
breathe that i be and i say that i'm
gonna ring got the cloud shapes look at
it yes it's gonna be droplets back on
seeing [ __ ] patterns in your minds
and memories another picture that should
find the time to see like his deja vu
inside your memory but one is real and
one is not one is here one is clouds i
don't know what i feel but i got to just
say that it's gonna put the smile on my
face so we gonna be going outside every
day taking a walk now it's natural with
my energy see the beauty in the way i'm
thinking of the melody and the hell i'd
be me every type of feeling he's gonna
feel in the round that i'm gonna bleed
you better get to you yes i clean it
with a squeegee couldn't shine it
cleaner than the dude he gonna be
spitting on your mind yes i'm cracking
all the glass to the things that you
thought were possible hold up yes it's
obstacles that i'm going to gods for
your hearts or flows imma show you that
i'm never stopping bro topping those
people thinking they got hot to flows
[Music]
iconic knows that the pocket grows
inside my mind i go forth
damn people dipping
y'all weren't [ __ ] with that huh i
gotta get to your words
shout out to the people chillin chillin
chilly chillin in the room in the room
yes you gon know
hold up you know that i'm gonna be
concealed in stop my mind breaking
through your ceilings with the flow
holder get it quicker in your mind i'm
gonna do all of the lines you're gonna
know i'm getting it in the tune infinite
with the things i'm gonna do i'll reach
the pinnacle hold up pinning comments
yes it's obstacles i'm building with the
hotter flows you know the angle's gonna
bling i'm gonna take it yes you're gonna
see me yes as challenging as i be
changing all the things i'm going to be
doing this the linguistics i changed in
the range i'm going to sing the things
hold up what we doing bouncing all the
things in my mind they're going to be
rhyming yes they got the ding yes they
got the ink verbal yes i'm verbally i'm
doing things that you never heard of g
herbally perusing this thought up in my
heart and i know it be horizons shining
off the wavy type of shine that i got
for you i painted on a converse and i
know that the kind got the vase for your
[ __ ] rose yes i'm gonna be painting
you the colors and you're gone it's
gonna be all the artifacts up in the
[ __ ] soul it's gonna be so
satisfactory your factor code at your
top of this cause he got the patterned
[ __ ] tone scatter it into him in your
vibe now give it till you turn if hip
you're up upside down hold up going up
and down your mind i'm going side to
side now i show you that i do reside
sounds in your mind i show you that i
find time to just get intertwined i'm
going to your eyes open white now cause
i'm going to spit the fine styles
[Music]
show you that i be getting all the
flavor you know that i beat your savior
and i'm getting all the heat the fire
spitting like a radiator rad with the
way that i be the flow of aviator fly
and i know that i pile it on mines and i
know i'm gonna show you that i'm flying
through the sky if of day yes i'm gonna
be riding all the vibes in the vibe hold
up i said vibe twice hold up that's a
revive hold up that's a reverb hold up
yes i do disturb the vibe yes i'm gonna
take this turning line then i do do it
quickly who knew did i do it yes i spit
the truth in your mind i found it yes
it's quickly with the proof yes it's
gonna be new what tune into the way i
got the lost minds found every day i got
the hotter flows for y'all and i spit
stories yes i'm going through it found
it it'd be a fish story hold up you know
that the speed flows lost my child out
at sea like it's nemo hold up lost my
father out at sea like his nemo hoda who
was really lost who was really [ __ ]
known who was unknown who was real in
the flow who was you watching all the
things that they do on screen that they
gonna paint inside the energy that they
feel in the scripture that they see now
they painting if they got the energy of
all these other human beings that be
being creative with the way they gonna
paint it on the screen now you be being
inside different movie [ __ ] theater
and you gon watch it and they'd be crazy
with the features inside of your mind
when you're thinking about the flows
that they building and i know that
you're gonna go to another one next and
i know that i get it sleeping on me like
a pillow hold up you take a pill and
you're all kind another chill now yes i
spit it to you yes you're gonna bend
down to just tune into the flows i'm
gonna do y'all give me a sick beat
please kinda need to lift y'all hold up
you know i'm gonna do it really quick
y'all you gonna know that i be spitting
you all flows and you're gonna know i'm
going to wrap your trophies every day
killing the game with all the raps and
stories it's catastrophic feasts hold up
they be paying astronomical fees as they
be paying all the
i'll pay it all the time to just take
the time to go right down
[Music]
you know they peeking and not speaking
[Music]
hold up you know that i'm gonna be
overflowing torture them with floors
this is gonna be waterboarding never
bored with the water that i flow though
yes i'm gonna tour through the [ __ ]
picture hold up you know i better
instruct you to be living right in your
[ __ ] mind who knew that i'm gonna be
slicing the beat open cut throat with
the competition that unfolding unknown
to the people but i done known that i
beat the gold hold up you gon know that
i'm gonna be bouncing in the vibe i'm
gonna be lifting you the ink i spit
inside your mind i'm gonna be grating in
the [ __ ] shifts and drift i'm in my
lane i'm gonna be spinning it you know
the tires gonna retire never yes you're
spinning it for miles hold up infinite
with styles hold a limitless type lyrics
there to spit inside your minds hold up
yes predicted yes the diction be like
mayans i be telling you i'm getting
through the [ __ ] files in my mind i
spit it to you quickly as a choir other
people sing it till you're kinda like a
choir hold up i find that i'm gonna be
living all the night life and the day
life and i say my mind you know that i
got the flames five six times it'd be
goat cheese tune into the cheese on
their faces as the goat speaks hold up
you know that i go inside your [ __ ]
mind every day i'm gonna flow what you
tuning to you know the threaded strings
is intertwined hold up yes i'm singing
it so different with the style yes i'm
gonna drip it in your mind just sticking
to the line yes i'm glowing really quick
you gonna know that i'm bumping smiling
through your gums you're gonna know that
i'm sticking on it chewing on a beat
like gum you're gonna know that it's
always gonna be up down with a bump
you're gonna know that you're gonna land
where you need to be when you jump up
and down in the rhymes that you hear in
your dumb dome whoa you know that we get
it really quickly with the lyrics that
are you presenting inside your mind yes
i never be resenting time that i'm
spending in the seconds of the rhymes
that i'm setting in the [ __ ] sentence
in your mind you know that i'm gonna go
demented in the mentions of the vibes
that i'm thinking it's dimensional
tonight and i know that it's into
[Music]
guy who'll be spitting you my mind can't
be so animalistic with the flow i be
earthly elemental with the things i'm
gonna go like asparagus i'm gonna be
pissed off with the stank flows hold up
show you what you need and yes i grab it
swimming up the water flow like a salmon
hold up yes i feel it in my soul and i
enter my mind am i going up or down am i
[ __ ] kind i don't [ __ ] know i just
enter this divine energy inside my dome
and just speak it yes i be the men
joker what's good
hey leave a like shout out easy e
for the reminder
do we need to should we slow it down
i don't know if sewing it down
knows this beat
hold up hold up hold up you know that
imma do it really quickly in the
i can't
that's on the mixtape i can't be doing
that one
this
[Music]
do a different type of flow now
know that i'm so focused
show you that i feel the focus
what we doing yes you know what
you'll be wanting from the flow curve
show you that i'm going to flow
to a different type of love
hold up what we're doing going in your
mind you know that it's really true get
it so divine yes i'm gonna be into you
cause you tune into the lyrics that i
said in that line in my mind five times
like a pentagram way i'm gonna move your
side to side now yes the angle's gonna
add up to like 540 man hold up what we
do when you know that i spit potions in
your mind sleeping on the duke got
hypnosis hold up hit to the notions that
i'm spitting yes i got your hip got me
moving hold up you know that i do dream
these thoughts in my mind never gonna
requeen me don't know what requiem is
hopefully it's negative so i don't do it
to myself in the sentence hold up you
know that i rap these lyrics bouncing
yes i'm jumping like a trampoline hold
up you know that the ramp going to
[ __ ] lean i'm gonna fly incline to
never incline down
do it every day i'm up high scott with
the thought that i spit tell your soul
now bump else to the people stepping up
the road now it's far real giving me the
vibe that i moved for oh no better spit
this sticking in your mind i'm glowing
shining yes it's cryptic so encrypted in
the code that i be defined in you see it
yes the function gonna be repeating
holder you know that i entire line
together do it twice yes it's so
recursive with the flows that i be doing
i'm gonna try to just get up in your
software with the way i'm gaming on the
lyrics that i got there hold up you know
i'm building you the world in your mind
inside the words that i'm throwing it's
absurd how you playing and you're
spending all your time just thinking on
the words that i'm spitting and you know
that your lover loves experiences xp
that i'm breathing due to understanding
all the reason that i'm going to be
speaking yes i'm going philosophizing
think about the way we do connect upon
the rhymes inside my mind it's matthew
paul to throw in five pounds inside the
vibe you know i got the [ __ ] rhyme
announcements much love to con and my
job to the fam and i know i'm gonna bump
up in the structures in my ram hold up
now you know that i be getting through
it every day i'm gonna get up in your
memories crashing through it yes i ran
through your doors yes you're open wide
with your eyes
speaking to the things you gonna see
you know that i'm gonna be aliens to
things they gonna be saying kid baby
thinking different yes i'm gonna be
tripling up the area ah hold up what we
doing you know that i'm gonna get it
different yes i'm gonna bump the width
yes i'm gonna bump the length and you
know i'm gonna get the volume on
strength hold up now you know that i'd
be done i got the [ __ ] nifty tongue
spit it till you're sifting undone with
the lyrics that i do yes i'm gonna do it
51 times the proof you're gonna see from
sun hold up you gon rap this con is
gonna blast in your mind abandon yes i'm
gonna get the aliens inside the area i'm
gonna do it yes it's scarier i'm not
gonna tell the people yes you know we
got this whole area locked down cause
it's gonna be the place they can't go
for whatever reason why don't we just
tell the whole globe what is going on so
we could all know i don't know
seems logical but that don't be the
system operating in
[ __ ] lost it
lost it shouts out to the 16 people
[Music]
shout out to the people chillin throwing
five throwing live in the comments if
you mad if the joker you know that i
know me who knew that it's gonna be four
two three five so alive with the lyrics
that the dive you'll hold up you know
that i'm gonna vote first manifesting
time con gonna be the joker cause i do
present a smile on your [ __ ] mind
permanently yes i cut it through your
mouth as i'm gonna [ __ ] shout you the
kind gonna do it yes you're proud cause
he's so rowdy with the lyrics that he
found out now hi how you doing yes i'm
gonna be darting out the hate they gon
be throwing cause i got the target on my
brain i'm going to smokey let the target
in the lungs i breathe it yes i'm
feeling high i got it in the bars that i
blend in your mind got the market free
with the style that the cop and defining
said your vibe can't do it yes i'm
keeping bopping every time yes you know
i see a different option so i slow find
another flow imma show you that i know
fire got the low rider up on drive every
day yes i know it's quick no i don't
consider no one opponent i be me homie
you'll be in my mind other than me i be
living fine homie as we won anyway so
i'm gonna find time to get in your mind
i'm not me homie i beat everybody hold
up what we doing yes i got to sway you
the things i said you know it's gonna be
criticality as i triple up the damage
and the things i'm gonna speak oh the
speaker's gonna squeak hold up yes i
leave your week week in week out i'll be
weakening the sounds hold up i be
showing you that i be speaking out loud
i know that i see the show inside my
mind you know that i be speaking to the
people getting all the flows that i be
inflicted with flicker with the
conflicts in my mind i'm speaking this
really different you know that the
shadows gonna be lit in your realms elm
trees gonna be grown as i sell these
seeded little trees and it's truths in
your mind kind do it really different
yes i'm giving you the eye section that
you're breathing and you know it's odd
with the way i'm sitting in the rhythm
every [ __ ] night and i know i got the
quite rare my dual dapple rapper would
say that dord is a nightmare if he's so
unfathomable how i rap you the truth you
don't know i got the [ __ ] patterns i
spew it's going to be scattered in tune
i'm going to cater to you i'm going to
say amazing there is yes i straighten
the proof it's going to be straight line
to the top inside of my mind you know
that that be every [ __ ] line i define
and i'll be right now in the breath that
just ride through the lung up through
your body to the way i'm gonna send it
through the sky i'm the obviously guy
who to find the heart of freeze up in
your mind open eyes to all the thoughts
inside his mind i got the logical ill
logical ill typological flows that i be
spitting you you know that i'm getting
so encrypted in the scripture that i
done predicted yes i'm going
prescription not the [ __ ] rhythm that
the dude killed
[Music]
hold up
yo we not even an hour into this bro i'm
so [ __ ] pumped to be here with y'all
right now
hold up hold up
only got one truth and this truth is
going to be that this dude gonna be fire
every time he spits tunes so open your
eyes to the
vibes that that dude define opinion
mine then you're going to find the kind
right yes this musical i do it broke out
the cubicle i'm moving you i'm student
of the proof i'm going peruse up in the
rooms up in the dual con
no one gonna be inside y'all mine hold
up never find night no i be getting so
different with the [ __ ] rhymes hoes
huh what we doing yes i find your soul
intertwine you
right now yes connected in this way up
in your brain as i be raining through
the storms they're gonna be chilling in
my brain it gonna be going through my
vein and flowing no in vain type of time
spent on the [ __ ] game kind know we
go insane every time i'm flowing you the
great nestle in your [ __ ] mankind do
it every day
show you that it's not occasionally i'm
going to do it every day it gonna occur
to be heat you know i conquered that i'm
gonna conquer your mind yes i'll do the
bee
[ __ ]
hold up hold up you know that imma wrap
your lie i'm gonna be orbiting the info
like a satellite i'm gonna do it quickly
yes the patterns find up in the mind
gonna be scattered in the [ __ ] rhyme
every time yes i got me g i do it yes
it's complex with the green like some
broccoli you know there'll be a written
line in that mixtape that i don't drop
so i don't know what's written off top
anymore i'm just gonna do it just i feel
it in my soul it's the energy i'm never
gonna be disposed of living just
experiencing all the things we doing in
my mind is gonna get up to the way we
gonna be moving in the moment i don't
give a [ __ ] the way they gonna ask what
happened in the past i don't know what's
going on tomorrow either i'll be focused
on the features in the vibe i'm going to
speak yo right now so move with theta
that i'm going to do now yes i'm going
to do it frame by frame i do maintain my
brain it's going to lay the clay i'm all
degraded gonna be vase it's going to be
blooming yes i do i say what i want
inside the paintings that i'm gonna
paint hold up what we doing so amazing
with the
logic on this picture
i'll be [ __ ] different
operation spitting
show you that i'm gonna got me high with
the energy every morning with the liquid
that the sip like coffee vibe and i know
that i'm spinning you the streaming hot
rhymes cause you know we gotta keep it
mocha in the flow five hold up what we
doing better do it on express so i'm
gonna do it quick with the logic
henceforth move i'm gonna paint you all
the lyrics in the bubbles that i'm
popping keeping growing you know that
i'm gonna be copping all your time
shouts out and your shields bro
how do you know that we
[Music]
now i found out that i do it very proud
now i found out that it's gonna be 19
people tune into the hot things that i
do right now been dude who gonna binge
on the truth and i know that i'm hinging
on doors that are open i go yes i'm
squeaky with lyrics i throw hold up now
[Music]
we got a b request i'm going to honor it
if y'all got b requests and you throw it
in before the this current meet request
ends
we can go on a b request binge
i am i am down
[Music]
that b playlist is crazy though i'm i'm
proud of that one
mostly because mac used it on on a live
stream and he went [ __ ] crazy
and also my mixtape is from that be
playlist basically
oh there's some other ones
[Music]
how do you know that i've been though
[Music]
you know that i'm gonna focus on the
breed
[Music]
yes i'm showing you the truth i open
doors to the houses in your mentals when
the overflowing dose of the drugs that i
be spitting in your mentals gonna go
grow in your [ __ ] mind yes i'll reach
into your soul and i know i'm gonna be
speaking to your dorm right now better
do the things you needing in your soul
right now don't give a [ __ ] by people
who be telling you to do this and that
and i know i'm gonna spit your facts and
you know it's true but you can't really
move cause you're in the situation that
you don't grew up inside your mind guess
your mental won't approve difficult to
solve every day i know bro so let me
help you with this [ __ ] flow yes it's
gonna bounce yes i'm gonna spit the
trolls right up in the booth and you're
gonna know what move right up in the
vibe and you're gonna see the truth
can't do it so appalling i'm piercing
your mind and i know never stalling i'm
fierce with a run hold up
show you that i called game i got to say
that i'm be playing this odd game my
life inside my brain yes i know that i
do it yes i know what you'll be wanting
to be grand slams four times just i got
the four quarters do it hold up if you
home run hold the grand slam ah what we
doing you know that i'm gonna be
spitting you the rap tricks shouts out
to the homie chilling yes it's gonna be
the duty calling me harry whack it's
organ antics hold up yes i rap this i
don't know i be conic either way so i'm
giving you the truth it's the pocket
that i lay in the heart of [ __ ]
flames in your mind i do maintain every
[ __ ] day it's never gonna be
different you know that you're feeling
really fine as i'm gonna be shifting
through the lyrics that align up inside
the vibe you know that i do a verse yes
i'm entering your universe yes i tell ya
that i be interstellar yes i be
interstellars you know sipping on the
beer cheers how we doing yes i let it be
i'm gonna be the best beer and i know
that i see her in your soul now and i'm
breaking through your ceilings and i go
down with the [ __ ] float now yes
you're feeling really dope now and it's
matthew
tune into the way i pound five times in
my senses in my mind yes i do connect it
twice just rewind the lyrics yes i do
the breeze crush the rocks up on my
shoulders yes i brush the dust off see
what we doing you know that i'm going
hard you know that i just go in the vibe
i know i find time to just spit it yes
i'm drinking yes i got the barb giving
me another drink yes you know i'm gonna
starve hold up what we doing so i need
to eat a little bit of beet i'm gonna be
drinking all the flows i'm gonna speak
you're gonna know that i'll be needing
you today you're going to see me as the
heart is going to be bleeding through
the great energy i'm going to be
speaking and today you'll be entertained
with the way i'm going to hit you with
this [ __ ] sway
[Music]
mckenna
that's like while working he is the most
[ __ ]
wild human being
you gotta
i'm sorry it connects a lot of things in
my mind it's crazy there's like pillar
people
in my head
right
um gary v harry mack
there's other pillar people but he's
quickly becoming one of them
you know the people who be speaking and
i be like damn that's exactly what i'm
thinking but i know that i'm my own man
anyway i don't see anyone above or under
me we be on our own lane on the same
lane just a human playing kind of a
complaint never going to wine age like
fine wine though
how to find time to give you the wild
kind flow hold up wildfire gonna get
inside your forest holder you know that
i'm never gonna be for rest unless it's
needed to be resting up and recovery
dispense you the trash that they say and
when you need to work all the time and
the seconds that you're sleeping going
to birth y'all mind a different way
cause you know the body got the [ __ ]
things it needs when it's going to sleep
you know kinetically just move through
the energy and soul that you're going to
see working every day but how does that
work how does your mind go through that
process and then give khan the hot verse
i don't know i'm gonna think about a
little mo yes i'm gonna build it really
egyptian bro so complex so infinite bro
with connections let it do that even
today we don't know what to do is it
four thousand is it twenty thousand
years old we don't really know but you
know it's built and it grows and it's
connected in a different type of way and
we can't really decipher all the things
that they be saying so we moving on it'd
be crazy as we do the lyrics that we
moving every day i'm gonna be true uh in
your mind you know i got the lyrics yes
i let it be every day you're smiling
cause i spit the positive energy you
know that i'm gonna be sick and you the
meanest lyric in your mind yes i spit
the flow with diesels i add you the
lyrics that you'll never hesitate to
listen yes i lift it levitate you whoa
you know
[Music]
hold up never met them though you know
that i be spitting you the things i'm
spitting in your mind you're gonna be
written hold up you know is that true
the same pillars you [ __ ] with all three
of those dudes hold it that'd be crazy
you know you know that i got a
disconnection in my mind i'm going to
spit the lyrics here to get it in the
vibe you know i got the language it'd be
oriental yes i'm going to split the
things i'm going to be throwing into
your mind you're going to know that i
got a great flow in your mind yes i'm
never gonna hyphenate flows i'll be
getting so connected so recursive with
the function that i'm gonna rewind up in
the mind i'm gonna learn about the kind
i'm gonna show you that i'll learn about
you at the same time cause we be the
energy we feeling and we intertwined in
the things we gonna speak so atomic with
bombs that i'm gonna be bombing on your
mind so small with the rhymes so quantum
it be one and oh i got the scale graycon
paint your [ __ ] lyrics in your
[ __ ] brains hey how we doing yes i do
do it yes it's hindsight every time i
see the way that i'm living right now
hold up
[Music]
higher up the music
i got you bro
i like to keep it slightly lower so in
post because i still don't have the
correct setup but in post i lay the beat
under so if the beast too loud i can't
do anything about it
[Applause]
you know that i'm gonna spit you in the
verse in the nouns in the adjectives and
all the [ __ ] verbs i'll be doing this
quicker yes i do
hold up
we're on this random ass beat right now
but i feel like we had another b request
or maybe we didn't i'm gonna get back to
my beat playlist this shit's wild
[Music]
no but i definitely did higher it up and
i could still hire it up
i still want it to be good for you guys
you know that i do clear lyrics in your
mind yes you're gonna choose khan and
nah
smear you the truth now yes i'm gonna be
spreading you my wings now hold up each
down gonna be different cause the moment
different hold up yes i'm gonna focus in
it hold up overdose in scripture in your
mind you know the potion quicker take it
yes i'll be the antidote to hate bro in
your mind i say my mind got the
limelight shining and i squeeze you the
[ __ ] enlightened rhymes
show you that i spin you the him so
angelic never edit got them saying
[Music]
hold up him is it capital hold up no cap
i'll be spitting you mosaic of the tiles
and i do move your forth it's improvised
hold up you the lies all the thoughts up
in the eyes of the minds and the soul
and i know that you'll be tuned into the
lines that just be truly tuned in
tonight and i be knowing facts don't be
pictured in the frames on your [ __ ]
photographs now
show you that that spit the mental yes
id me to be doing this [ __ ]
intentionally so i be in detention now
release yes at least inside your mental
fry do it free hold up you know that i
be never benched all star with the flows
fixing on it like a wrench spinning you
the hex i'll show you that i screwed up
my drive every time i focus on the wet
[ __ ] like the past gonna be moving yes
i'm getting to the vibe that i be
pursuing and you know that i keep
intruding in your vibe just alive i just
keep including in the stuff that the
spit not enough with the way i'm going
to spin you the facts that you need in
your mind inside you blood is a flood of
the khan and i got you another flow yes
it's out the goggle now out the scene
not the eyes out the [ __ ] glasses now
and i know the lasses and the lads is
gonna tune in to the lyrics just relax
it in your mind you're so addicted now
you listen to it twice hold up yes you
done forgot the kind sleeping on the
vibe now you come back to the hot life
five hold up con you gon know that i say
this knock it down mold it like it's
play game six
show you that i got this yes i'm
swishing yes it's money like it's
clayton thompson hold up tantum then the
[ __ ] options yes you know the gravity
when running round the screens is gonna
grab the peeps you're gonna see me yes
i'm gonna knock it down either way they
be grabbing me g they're gonna be
fouling out one four points on the dub
hold up
what we doing yes a couple of them gonna
be causing trouble as we gonna be
splashing you the way we brotherly just
take the over league hold up yes i show
you i'mma
tell you that i do it gonna say hey yes
miguel rodriguez gonna know that i say
phrase inside my mind now we say grace
not your falcon harry i set the bar too
high
[Music]
hold up
[Music]
yes we spreading around the globe with
the things we spoke hold up let me take
a poke in your mind spike it really true
kind of gonna slow high now it's gonna
be low switching dish it's so assistant
in the vibe never gonna be assistant
i'll be living in my drive yes i'm only
me the story me you gonna focus on the
foes i see
do it every day i'm gonna birth your
verse you're gonna know i'm gonna say hi
i'm gonna converse it'd be words son
hold up you know that the bar's on your
mind gonna be set bar none i'm the one
who set the bar son khan
of the people who'll be drinking on the
floor
hold up yes it's fat out the lipid lord
[Music]
show you what we do yes the song along
go along for the way i'm gonna belong on
your wrong hold up doing wrong every
time the wrong doing is just not sending
love out the thumb along hold up now yes
i'm woven in the oven just i'm heating
yes i'm cooking you the recipes the
potions that i'm breathing through my
soul you know you let it be sitting at
ease i'm going to rest the speech hold
up what are we doing just the texture
that i speak and your mind is going to
be colorful the measures that they speak
and your mind is going to crescendo bro
you know that kind of see though with
the toe to
[Music]
now yes i throw that in your memory keep
it on the back of mine as i speak your
energy that you need and you know that i
trust not the people who go not stop at
the bus stop hold up you know that i'm
gonna bust at every stop hold up you
know that that busted off the top bro
hold up
show you that i rap facts khan is a bad
ass yes i rap facts every day i get that
every day i shoot that in the scope hold
up yes i'm intertwined and cross that
off for the vibe con do it yes i got the
checklist to be best with all the things
i'm gonna be doing hold up yes the
message that i'm sending in the sentence
gonna blend up in your mentals on this
instrumental holder well we don't when
you know that i wrap the facts you know
that you take the cap toss it in the
trash cause you know that i beat a beat
down left it handicap yes you know i'm
gonna be the captain of moving my hands
hold up yes we rocking all the [ __ ] we
flowing through the ocean oh [ __ ] can't
focus on his mind right now at his next
is centered in the [ __ ] locust hold
up yes i see a paragraph on the way that
that building you the business better
witness how i sell
other what we're doing
you know you know you know that is
[Music]
look up the way that i move as i look up
and see dude in the corner now i throw
you
[Music]
19 people tell the hot things that i'm
gonna do right now sing with the dough
you know that i'm gonna be
giving you the pocket that i find and
the logic gonna sound so ill
show you that got twisted yes the
situation switched inside the way you
wish the different know khan is gonna do
it enter in your soul witness bro in the
moment bro open eyes hold up no pen
inside my hand bro handle flows you know
that i'm cracking ankles though you know
i'm moving through the lane i'm going to
be banking off the truth you're going to
see me
easily eat beasts i'm speaking you mean
features of me he been the dude who gone
creeping you some reaping rewards as i
do a word twice yes i'm saying what's
good to all the wars hold up you go no
in the world and i show that i flow you
the style of my dorm and it's free so i
copped it for the cheap ho that kind
thought about
take a second to just brainstorm about
the storms that i led up in the phrase
yes i'm twisting you the hurricanes
hurricane is great so be tuning on you
know you're gonna be clicking on the
dude they're gonna be advertising on
your apps on your [ __ ]
[Music]
rooms now i
show ya that you're gonna need the fires
the hearts go up in the room now you
know that i got it yes i fit it in my
pocket tonight yes it's feared and
polished hold up you know that i bumped
the free kind ultimately khan every day
so i'm gonna rewind thee figure out who
i be in the line g learn how i'mma read
all the thoughts up in the vibe now i'm
gonna turn it yes it's every eve it's
every evening yes this is the season of
the khan who speak the reason of the
kind of yes believe him he be never
leaving being on the beat i'm gonna be
breathing breathing you the energy i'm
reading yes i'm gonna be at the garden
after eating every evening i'll be
birthing you the flow [ __ ] it up it is
the season of the kindness godly now i'm
gonna got the proudly harder flows
you're gonna cop the vibe i'm gonna be
dropping on your minds drop little logic
that i'm gonna let down tonight gonna
got all your heads different twisted in
the vibe now i showed you that is four
nine nine euros in the [ __ ] room
jason smith tune in to me saying miss
jewel you know that i'm gonna keep
dismissing tunes i'm gonna spit this
missile in this truth and you're gonna
see me kiss up on the beat like a
mistletoe goal toe to toe with the dosy
doll that i do up in the flow hope all
is good bro hope that you feel the love
that i'm doing right now to you yes i
bump up yes it's kind crew yes i'm
feeling so much love
[Music]
hold up all right we all right guys
shout out to the people chilling
we're gonna go couplets just off your
words
gotta challenge myself gotta focus
through it like a wolverine hold up you
know that i must say that i'm going to
spit the mustang driving your flow and
you must stay cause you're feeling
really dope and i got hurts off the
floor i heard that yes you heard bruh
hold the kind do it yes i let it drop on
your mind you know that the con crew
saying get it dog holder yes i'm gonna
be lost in my mind saying what's good
chilling nothing boston tonight yes i'm
gonna be bossing with a ton of rhymes
i'll be obstacle i'm building every time
hold up yes i gots to show you that i
shine yes i'm gonna light mine so
spiritual well as i'm gonna do your
[ __ ] fire hold up yes i'm gonna be
joking yes i'm kidding with the line
just time every time i'm gonna jk the
rhyme hold up you know that i be saying
you i wrap this [ __ ] in your mind yes
i'm gonna laugh it's gonna be cackling
i'm gonna spit the patterns in your mind
i scattered yes i tested it it's gonna
be the lessons that i'm shining so
effervescent hold up you're gonna know
it's so exceptional with flows i'm going
to texture bro i got the texture bro i
better mention dude going to never end
with flows i'm going to spat words claw
scratch turn in your mind like a raptor
hold up i be just bouncing yes i win the
ring gold hold up you know that i'm
gonna spit a thing right up in your mind
you better know the fighter do you
better get a ding cause i'm gonna ding
it like a triangle as i be steady
hitting in your mind i'm gonna be
thinking yes you know if i got the
chimes ringing hold up what we doing yes
i'm getting in the fly lyrics that i'm
gonna test bless me with the flowing
confresh see
what we doing yes i get it quick telling
you i'm gonna get the flow genesis hold
up spit the shock and flow vote touch up
in the subs that i'm getting in the
stations cause you're gonna know that
i'm gonna be stationed in the flow soul
championship with the energy inside the
soul yes you know
the gene the championship gene that's
the one inside my me top rung in my dna
i say hey to the people who go based in
the lines that i say and the baseline
gonna be the baseline
the baseline gonna be a great rhyme yes
tonight i'm getting down the sideline
reverse y'all yes i'm gonna be thinking
yes i'm spinning you the english in
linguistics that i spit in your
situation wishing for another dish i'm
gonna be switching situations yes
assistant do the lyrics yes i'm bumping
yes it's blessed up in your system hold
up you're gonna see me high with the
flow of the hat like the symbol hold up
yes you see the symbol the drumming yes
it's all the time how long it's gonna be
breathing hold of your thunk begun what
you're gonna be becoming to be listening
to i'm gonna be gone to tell you that
i'm gonna be shooting you dude with this
gun this i be the gun and i be the
headphone son and i be what's in your
sight in your head then your soul son
hold
up on the beat right now but i'll be a
beat right now so i'm cannibal hold up
what we doing yes i cannot flow hold up
i'll be showing you that i be spitting
you what you needed bro yes i'm slicing
on the beat i'm gonna be it and i'm
gonna be slicing in the energy i'm gonna
be a feasting on the energy i'm feasting
on the things i see i'm going to be the
things i'm going to eat i'm going to
grow now i'm going to see the universal
[ __ ] flow all the energy i'm needing
inside of my dome hold up you know that
i'm going to find time to just open up
wide now i grind hold up yes you know
that i break the storm inside my brain
now i'll write it down cold yes you know
it's gonna be cold it'd be so encrypted
in your soul that you're gonna tone into
every [ __ ] note hold up get it
greatness every day it's lifted in the
presentation yes i do the flow elevation
now hold up you know that i send them
the vacation as i'm gonna hand them an l
my bro hold up yeah yes i'm gonna be
earthy fire with a liquid type of fire
like an elemental ah no that is
don't be bumping yes the lyrical [ __ ]
that i be spitting real quick inside
your mind it never ends
[Music]
oh this shit's crazy
[Music]
[Music]
gifted tonight that i throw your clothes
that you need it tonight you know that i
do it yes i'm gonna be the rarer thing
that you be tuning into yet the rhymes
are so humanitarian yes i'm gonna be
tearing through the humans that can see
what i'm gonna be speaking in the lines
that i breathe hold up you know that i'm
gonna speak through the verse converse
with the verse say hi yes you heard what
i say now cause it's gonna be blessed
rap every day i'm getting wizardry like
x-men hold up yes i'm gonna get the
oxytocin like it's x-man hold the khan
is gonna feel some serotonin when he
flex man hold up what we doing yes i'm
getting really great man with the things
i do confess man i'm gonna show you that
i got the context got the texture for
your con do it yes i set the [ __ ]
message through the sentence press and
enter every day i do arrest the measures
yes i'm gonna find me khan gonna take
the flow now i'm gonna speed it up and
i'll do hard flows in your mind knock it
like a marble yes i'm gonna be flicking
yes i cause a conflict as i'm winning
all the games bet on khan real quick
hold up yes i'm gonna get it inked with
the flow that don't spit yes it's off
the spit when i'm gonna say hey how we
doing yes i'm gonna be getting you the
fly stuff in your mind tuning in to flow
called poseidon khan be the god of the
whole ocean pose as the dawn of the
rhymes every time i flow sun i show you
that i spit balance can't find it the
yin yang and spit patterns hold up you
know that i got five pounds yes i'm
counting on the vibe i might trounce all
the people stepping up to highs but i
find ounces of vibes in my mind so you
know i feel proud i'm on the route and
you gon know about how i found out throw
sounds out
you know that i'm going to say this [ __ ]
crazy with the lyrics blended in your
mental gradients hold up graded a now
psa 10 now say you what you want but i'm
getting you the flex now kind gonna cook
it up be the master chef now yes i'm
gonna get it high be the master chief
now as i'm gonna achieve now i'll mask
you with the sweet sound yes the mask is
gonna tune into the massive each time
let that do this spitting big [ __ ]
vibes i'll show you that i've been
[ __ ] down to twist all your minds
[Music]
how we doing you know that i say flows
kill your heavenly ringing off the dome
like it's halo
oh yes i'm going to test thoughts in my
mind old school playing xbox yes i'm
going to seek nifty tricks yes i swing
your mind around spin it like 360 kid
hold up now
what we doing yes i take this action on
the line i'm gonna be focused never
needed no distraction when i rhyme i'm
gonna be flying hold up let's get back
to couplets on the vibe you know i'm
gonna be a giant how often do you do
these live streams well i do it once a
week but you know i'm gonna go on tour
in a month g with the mac bro so you
know the done streams gonna be like less
but i might flex on a friday
[Music]
or maybe not i might do some other day
but you know that i'll
i'll throw some extra streams
for wednesday at 6 00 p.m every night
every week till i say it's gonna end for
a couple months but you know it's always
returning cause we playing with the
words on a wednesday man hoda is
tradition you know that i keep it
spitting let me show you that i be
addicted to my diction predicted in the
scripture that i'm spitting the baby
pitting me against the people but i'm
sticking them in pits kid hold up
concrete your mind with all the hard
drive kind be a creature on the streets
[Music]
i'm not performing but like it's the
back tour but you know
we're working
we're there
[Music]
you're there experience it you gotta you
gotta see how the goats move you know
i'm so lucky i'm so lucky you know
[Music]
am i never feeling miserable i'm gonna
watch flames and feel so cold inside the
winter type of feeling that i'm getting
through my soul yes you know
that you got your hot chocolate got
options kids that you're gonna be eating
on too maybe found these lyrics and
little brownies that you're gonna eat
and you're feeling fine d maybe not
cause you're trying to keep it healthy
maybe you got some almonds maybe some
cashews i'm gonna cash you another
memory quick with the options at the
spit hold up yes i'm about to cash
through it hold up yes i'm going to cash
you out with flows found out that the
dual never stopped doing yes advance
with the route yes i dance with the
found out flows in my mind and i know
i'm gonna expand in them baba never
pander to the people back and tell me
that i need to tattle her whoa do it let
me show you that i've got a tail for you
got the fable for you got a story for
you got a joker for you got the flow
provoca type of rhyme i'm gonna spit
inside you know i'm gonna show ya that i
get it till you find these lyrics 5d
what a spit if you grind me hold up i
need to take priority to just fit your
vibes in the freeze hold up you know
that i be staying this route in my mind
keeping it very blessed i'm gonna spark
it out the mind paint the canvas i'm the
artist but the easel gonna be a beat
dude
military got a million other ways to
tell your [ __ ] wives and the answers
in my mind yes i'm feeling really wise
see what i did there i'm gonna get
intertwined inside the million ways to
feel resilient tonight how did it be
silly with the way they thinking they
could be describing things the same
inside their minds holder you know i'm
gonna be just be you the things you're
gonna want in your mind mother you know
that we bumping just became higher as
i'm gonna be in the frequencies i'll be
the wave rider i show you that it's
never audio suppose kind never stop no
ah
hold up
someone says you're amazing i appreciate
that
that'd be matthew
easy easy it's only kron or just oh
[Music]
what we gonna do you know that i'm gonna
improve every night i'm gonna show you
in the [ __ ] proof yes i'll break
through roofs and i know that it goes
who hold up you know they be writing on
the comics as our boom bam pow hold up
what we doing kind go me mixing in the
flows they [ __ ] spewing i'm gonna be
fixing guessing fixing for the movement
that i'm feeling in the twist inside the
texture of the flows is kind every day i
find you the flows now say wraps yes i
painted like a paint can now i'm gonna
spray that yes i'll be a ray fax king
kong gonna shine you the
great facts you know that i'm a floss
every day as i spit it out the dental
bars hold up flipping you strings like a
flaws hold up you gonna know that i
string you the stuff that you're needing
and i got this violin to beat you know
it's gonna be playing like a violin when
i be orchestrating you the flows is
greater every time that i'm based in the
lines and i tell you hello every [ __ ]
time and i know it's feeling like it's
hell yo
see what i be trying you know that i'm
gonna get this lyrics that i sent inside
your mind is greener than the celtics
hold up greener than the other side
greener than the things you find that
you're burning when you need in high
greener than the energy you're seeding
when you need to cruise yes you keep it
on your drive greener than the grass
that you see on your lawn when i speak
you the laws that are laid down in your
mind greener than the money greener than
the cash that you fight inside your
wallet now greener greener greener than
your [ __ ]
[Music]
greener than the trees that i be seeing
when i'm flying through the sky greener
than the things i'm gonna be breathing
when i try to be feeling a heart in my
mind and i'm greener than the reason
that i'm feeling go in this [ __ ] flow
hold up greener than the light i got
when i'm switching through everything
i'm spitting in your mind i do different
as i'm gonna be organized in the zone
i'm gonna find and then man the man i'll
tell you that you cannot [ __ ] stop
khan at the top now yes i'm gonna hop
hans yes i'll be a frog now yes i kiss
khan never be a prince and i'm gonna be
king birth you another son yes i raise
the thing that you need and every day i
be horizon and to see the ocean and the
painting that you need and in your
living room you know that you're hanging
cause you want to hang out to the dude
cause he show you things to think ah now
don't be tuning to the things i'm gonna
be doing yes i get it in inside your
mind i'm gonna spit it yes i got
retention pounds it's tuning to me
what's a retention pond i don't know but
i get the tension i keep pondering the
flow and i know that i spit a pond and i
spit a river bro yes i'm going to reap
with the creeks that i speak hold up now
you know that is alex holmquist tune in
to the lyrics and you know this kind
gonna do it really quick just expose
this thought for you in the [ __ ]
composures compositions of the con poses
in the measures that i'm quoting in the
bars that i keep evoking
khan awoken
[Music]
got y'all broken
uh
had to do it to him
how are we feeling people
[Music]
hold up yes i spit the illest freeze yes
i never waste attack i got efficiency
hold up yes i do defend it easy too and
i speak the lyrics yes it's fender
bender bump in your mankind gonna slice
it like a bonsai in your mind's eye i
just show you how the khan rise i tell
you that i say my vision yes you know i
never copy no plagiarism i done wrote
the blueprint of the way to go global
with the true [ __ ] that you say up off
the dome yes you don't know what is
really going on bro either go though yes
you to see me [ __ ] scheme you know
i'm going to get the freesty and you
know i'll rap this spit it on your mind
you're touching on it like a tablet
holder take a tab let your mind go i get
all the litmus tests aced when i spit
flows hold up got the litmus bro shine
yes
[Music]
hold up what we doing you know that i'm
gonna flex flows get up in your vibe
every time i let go connie's gonna got a
call to make up on a hot line see you
through the topics in his optical now hi
how we doing yes i grab a song now i am
a song now i'm flowing through the
amazon deliver you the things so quickly
in your [ __ ] dome it's gonna be off
the top yes it's written no hold up yes
i got now say good written though to the
people who be thinking that i'll not be
spitting flows hold up yes i'm gonna
talk and you think it's real but it's
gonna be ventriloquist which way i steal
all your time you don't even know i'll
be moving you right now make you think
the flows what is different than making
you talk or making you see or making you
think i don't know when senses bleed
right together as i see all the letters
that i speak now what's a letter what is
these sounds i don't know i better get a
grip now cause i'm lost inside the quick
style that i'm gonna think now khan is
on the brink now i'm just gonna pin down
to just give you what you need in every
day i'm speaking you the things you're
gonna need now i'll be seeking you the
things you're going to be eating to be
tuning into everyday i'm creeping in the
reason now hold a con do it really
creepy every day i do encrypt the code
inside the things he's going to be
spitting push forth yes i got your high
push yes you're feeling high like a
crypto push hold up the crypto cush that
i be smoking on yes addicted to the drug
that is the things i see all life long
on online bro hold up i be so addicted
to freestyle flows i be so addicted to
hoops i know i be so addicted to the
things i sow right up in the reason that
i sing out bro it's gonna be like
strings plucking on the chords and the
bars that the spit in your mind so hard
hold up hold up hold up hold up no
see i need to focus on the
on the right work you know
[Music]
[Music]
tell you that i got the hard drive yes i
do it with a rigger
[Music]
spitting in the words every day it's the
word 3d
uh you know that i'm gonna say flaw
lyrics in my mind yes i'm gonna maintain
my mind got a [ __ ] hot bar in your
mind con do we rap your facts yes i'm
master that like it's jackie chan yes
i'm gonna be viral on your scenes and
then you're gonna learn about the
chinese people then you're gonna learn
about the things you thinking man yes
you're gonna see him on the mainstream
that's like kinda what happened g he was
very famous and then you know that
you're gonna see what we doing guess
maintain it in your [ __ ] energy hold
up let me tell ya that i'm to speak it
every day i'm going to grip up and
revive now shout out to all these people
yeah we're going to tune into the vibe
that are spitting you the lyrics that i
find now going to be getting so
connected in the flows inside the
lecture that i throw inside the mentals
in the vibe now hold it yes you go and
detect it yes respect today gave the
special mother there is gonna be so wide
now hold up you know that i say the
flows now you know that i grow up inside
y'all every day you're gonna know that i
say that all the scripts are gonna be
scrolling right up in your [ __ ] brain
yes you're scrolling on your abs see and
do it he'd be live so you clicking on it
now you're going to hear all the pride
that i'm seeing your mind hold us here
what we doing kind is going to be so
privileged on the beach cause you see
privilege you know that i'm going to say
there is in my mind i'm doing really
crazy can you please rap to this be back
with premiere dj type facts you know
that i'm gonna do this and it's gonna be
truest thing i've ever done shout outs
to dj from here you're gonna know that
it's gonna be five shots out to the dude
it'd be privileged to split the beats
that you threw hold up what we doing you
know that i'm gonna be spitting you the
leaders every day i keep it
hold up you gon know that i do it and i
spit my free every day writing you the
letters and the history what is history
when history started we got letters
breathing yes you gonna know we gonna
speak the reason to the people cross all
the scenery through the glow and you
know that the media be apparently
growing up now inside your domes cause
they writing all the letters that the
inside of your souls hold up what we
doing i don't know what we be moving to
but you know i'm gonna keep and push and
move through my mind i'm going to find
out how to be so high inside my mind i
be the everything that's infinite with
khan now do it guess i'm going to get up
in the fire that they throw in yes i'm
feeling really hot now khan is going to
be creeping to the higher level that he
feeling every night when he be speaking
you the right now be inside the moment
focus on the potion that i'm spitting
keeping you entertained now yes i'm
gonna move through the lyrics and i turn
style pages of lines and i turn styles
great with the vibe hold up free
see
what we doing in the freestyle i been so
alike into the vikings cause i'm spiking
through the rhyme man
[Music]
what we doing you know
with all the silicon that i'm moving
through the wires moving through your
sky i'm entering your eyes and your
memories inside your mind what we doing
it's iconic with the pocket that i find
inside the rhymes i'm always gonna be
[ __ ] rocking ah
[Music]
bro shout out to my man privilege with
the b
yo we we feeling different bro that's
all i'm saying
is anyone coming on tour bro i just
can't wait i just can't wait for the
tour hold up
[Music]
hold up you know that i spit you the
book those are the texts that you're
gonna be needing yes it took over my
mind my mental flex inside the lecture
henceforth move inside the things that
you'll learn from kid cause matt welling
gonna be sitting in the rap dwellings in
my mind you know that i do it yes i get
11 times what you needed on the field
yes it's ticky talking now picking
pockets to be passing you the [ __ ]
rhyme hold up while we doing yes i'll be
your pick pocket stealing all your time
yes i'm coughing yes i'll be the kind
hold up what we doing see what i do yes
i'll be on or maybe see on
hold the spell is different yes you know
i be expelling this [ __ ] in your mind
i'm gonna be showing you the spells i'm
spitting you know like the things i'm
spitting spinning in the cauldron yes
i'm gonna spit the potions of your soul
son hold up you know that i'm spitting
you the lyrics and you're gonna see khan
do it's always quizzing and you gon
believe i'm gonna be moving scripture in
your mind i see y'all gonna be tuning
into all the things i spitting yes i got
the fire now they're gonna be saying
yeah got the privilege to spit in you
all of the raps yes they gonna see me 14
know me gonna be the dude who spit the
dope free
[Music]
taking over saying global lyrics you
know that i gotta say that i'm giving
you the lyrics that you got to need in
your mind inside your eyes i breathe all
the magic that you see so confusingly
cause khan is gonna be fusing you the
lyrics that are lie on your mind i show
you that never lies i find truth that i
do right now who knew that i say hi to
all you you gon know that we bouncing
yes i'm gonna speak your flow and the
rhyme announcements pronouncing kind to
be pro with the nouns val smith every
time uh show you that a rapid hits in
your mind con gonna describe it with
this [ __ ] adjective that he finds now
in the rhyme now what's a word what's a
thought what's a paragraph now this
whole time that you're in the moment of
the con rhymes is the way you're feeling
don't it feel so different when you've
got time to think about the things
you're doing and i find time to just be
feeling in the things i'm going to write
down on a microsphere what is difference
between the ink and the spit what is
difference between the pen and the think
i don't know but i'm going to blend on
the brink of mo every time in the rink
with clo's khan gonna sign the
competition and i know that that wins
cause it's competitions that i be
getting top to bracket and i'm gonna got
the raps to spin up in your mind got the
gratitude i blend inside your latitude
and longitude i do belong go along for
the ride yes i'm flowing strong global
throne
what we doing you know that i get hell
bent on the floor better wear a helmet
cause i'm bumping your domes hold up
kind do it really different yes i do
your bars every time on the track like a
super car driving i know that i find you
the flaws and i say that you need to see
me i'm gonna show you the love and the
truth and i do restore the faith in
humanity hey how we doing yes i make you
feel ways that you never felt before
side to side with this way now reside
inside a different vibe i'm gonna find
time to just be a guy who'll be giving
you the vibes and you know i kick your
side never side kick con gonna spit the
fly i'm gonna be robbing time now i'm
gonna hang like a batman holder you know
that that's gonna be combat mane hold
the comb bats out the park you are high
praise hold up khan gonna be switching
holding one with the way you gonna be
good sport all the things you've done
and i know that you want more of the
things that's spun in the flows and the
dope quotes that i'm gonna become every
time that i'm gonna be gone to be giving
you the beginning of all the things i'm
spinning in the infinite the things i'm
thinking hold up what we doing you know
that i'm getting you the raps that's a
fact a dude do it 100 [ __ ] times i'm
gonna cause the cataracts can't see you
clearly after that i'll be spitting on a
rhyme hold up while we're doing kind
flaming quick spontaneous i'm greatest
inside your mind god flame is abandoned
you're fine i know that i be
true with the flows find out myself laid
like a bizuko oh
souped up bro i'm chowderchunky with the
lyrics that the spirit i'm gonna find
about me
and then spit it in the lyrics bouncing
hold up that you know that it's gonna be
premiere of the sound of the spat you
know that i see it clear hold up you
know that i'm gonna get inside your
region yes i'm entering your legion and
you know i'm gonna do it till it's the
season of the khan and that's every
moment that i'm thinking all the things
i find and my mind is gonna get up to
the place that you be sitting right now
shouts out to the cuz hold up
this beat was crazy bro
you know i'm graded
i'll be [ __ ] sweating bro
ah
[Music]
yeah i need a b request
hundred percent
i just gotta do it now i gotta get
another beat hunting session that's what
i gotta do i gotta do a whole new
playlist that's what i do i just make
new playlists
take like two three hours
listening to beats
hold on
[Music]
bro
[Music]
[Music]
you know that i be getting really green
with the flow yes ideas gonna fall off
the top like bulbasaur holder i'm gonna
show you that i circle your mind i'm
gonna do it twice yes i'm gonna squirt
you the flaws you're gonna see me
hold the shots a squirrel break out my
shell i'll be winning races like a
turtle hold up
showing you that i'm a blast noise kind
of rap noise and i'm gonna hydro pump
like blastoise
show you that i had choice to be making
in the flow but you know i rejoice cause
they tune in and they go and enjoy all
the things i'm doing hold up yes i'm
going to speak the raps i breathe i'm
going to be crawling on the track like
caterpie i'm going to spit the no cap
i'll be the pillar in your mind
do it build it yes you know i'm so meta
with the flows that i'm getting
[Music]
yes i'll be cousin with the people
shaking up with me i
show you that i'm gonna say flows in
your mind i do this quick now
yes i'm gonna be great bro yes i'm gonna
leave all them clueless now
hold up do this quick i'm going to find
the truest [ __ ] it's going to be loose
and shining so luminous and looming in
the con is inside your room i'm going to
truly do it kind yes i'm going to pluck
the strings i'm going to spew acoustic
vibes hold up you go know that i get
bent hell bent on doing it off the
helmet met helen heaven sent you another
high in your mind yes i get hemped
while we do and see it son i speak it
son it's gonna be easy son i do it got
the premium or seconds that i spend on
rhymes i'm freer than breached inside of
the reason i be finding every time i'm
thinking in my [ __ ] mind i
show y'all that i get this
chilling on the floor kinda like it's
watching netflix i'm gonna get the
conflicts flickered in your mind ended
spit into your mind hold up you know
that i'm gifted up top holder you know
that i be so infinitely tied inside of
the limits in the mind and i know
that i'm gonna get this stitching in the
things i'm spitting
[Music]
get hemped
you get hemped
it just i couldn't you know i i wanted
to set it up saying hemp but it just the
tents
didn't work out
[Music]
all right i'm gonna have to hop off this
vibe
i don't know if this is my
strongest
[Music]
i don't
yo we still got
at least seven t e
minutes in the line you know that i'm
gonna air through the sky through the
vibe and you better be aware that i'm
gonna wear all the stuff so free clear
in the vibe right now yes you know he
here kind of
showing you that i'm on driver still on
your road see clear where i'm going if
he inside all the vocals dead sing i'm
gonna go through your energy bro yes i'm
through the mic yes i'm going through
the wire through the computer screen
[Music]
hold up i'm changing you the vibe holder
yes i'm gonna be don in the vibe i'm
gonna rhyme i'm gonna die eat feasting
he's gonna be the rhyme be a [ __ ]
beast the vibe now hold up you know that
i say that i gotta free yes i hold it
down monopoly con got a conopoly it's
gonna be the kind operation when i'm
gonna got hot or freeze holder you know
that i spitting you the patterns in your
mind i'm so encaved inside my mind like
cavern
show you that i'm at the cavern sipping
on a beer
lyrics that i'm doing is [ __ ] easy
and i do fine they race off todd you're
going to knock on it's going to find
another pocket inside of the crown
you're going to see me you know that i
were to quit in your mind and i know i
got the turbulence i'm going to be going
up and down to the sky right now cause
i'm gonna be flying on a different plane
right now hold up yes i know that i got
a lot of lies in my mind i'm falling
down on ledger flower waterfall
showing you that i'm going to spit this
live inside my mind you know it's always
going to be mystic hold up i'm never
[Music]
hold up you know that i got to tell you
that i'm spinning storms like a typhoon
in my brain and suppose that i do this
for another year maybe 10 mo
[Music]
i got the optics seeing other options
hold the topics so tropical it's in the
storms in my brain yes i got to grow
another soil a little freeze storm hold
up you gon know that i do want more when
i do god true tuning too far bro hold up
i rush to this picture and your blush
cause the blood is gonna flush on your
faces when you see a crush ah crush your
soul yes i fizzle it up khan do it like
it's orange crusher ah show you that
that spitted and i got me yes i'll be
assailing through i'm leaving in my body
gonna be left there i see in my soul i'm
dead beware i'm gonna move and i get
there wherever there is whatever we came
from wherever we going yes i'm gon
became what i'm gonna be in the energy i
see when i'm thinking about the things
that i'm thinking when i be in the
moment
and i know that i be dominant as the
conic pens do another logic in your head
and then iconic sent to another entrance
as i open doors to the way you thinking
more on the brink of flows every time
that
[Music]
[Music]
i need
[Music]
[Music]
see you
[Music]
you know i'm going to script this the
picture that i depict is going to cause
an eclipse in all the things you think
that shining in your mind enlightening
you to darkness that you're thinking
that you're getting solved in your
[ __ ] mind no kind think about a
little better now every time i got the
quicker type of letters on my mind i'm
gonna bump up above your love you're
gonna know that i get it one one one one
one and it's fo hold up no it's four
ones hold up no yes i done squared up to
the flow sun and i done dropped you the
lyrics i be m.c equal me every time i
force these spirits oh my god and i know
that i do it yes i get phrases up in
yamaha got the [ __ ] energy i see now
yes i'm gonna do it free with my style
and i'm gonna do it free with my will
will you sit down got freeze to instill
in your sweet sounds that you need to
just hear in your mind now and i know i
got the options think about philosophies
the things and all the topics that i'm
going to see when i be living through
the tropics in my mind the forests and
the trees that i'll be dropping in the
storms iconic you know that i'm going to
be rocking yes this elemental heart with
all this [ __ ] lava hold up you know
that it seems that the doggone dream and
i know that that creep getting in your
mind with leaves off of flows now shine
glitter yes it seems i'll be sticking on
your mind hold up what you see yes i
break it down to pieces yes i fire be a
peace sign that descend as i'm gonna
throw the lover double type of flow
you're gonna know what do it on the
double when the dub you're gonna see me
getting easy elemental with the lyrics
so abundant bro a dumber gun become to
who i be inside my dome hold up you know
that i just go up in the algorithm i'll
go in the rhythm and just put your other
code in crypto with this flow con is
gonna get up in your memory i go ramble
through your doors entering your eyes
entering your minds now we feeling so
intertwined as you're swaying now
jump jump to a different type of love
flow now
[Music]
it out the sky yes i'm gonna find the
options on the flow global soul celestia
yo settle a sentence in the seconds that
you're spending on my flow now i'm gonna
be so
[Music]
ah
be problematic cause the duty got the
options of the raps inside his mind it's
too quicker with the topics and the
facts that he be feeling now
[Music]
uh [ __ ]
let's stop it let's start this back ever
oh
we got rap cold trade
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
hold up hold up hold up hold up
okay bro yes you hear my next flow now
your brains gonna explode hold up no i
don't joke i'll be telling you the truth
hold up behold the way i hold you in the
room now with the flow so focused in my
dorm holder can't find the focus in the
[ __ ] line cause it's locus of the
focus yes it's the center the nexus
get up in your noodles bro whoa yes i'll
leave you so bamboozled oh no you'll be
lost you know that i'm gonna let go of
the flow now they saying let's go get mo
love from the peeps in the line yes i
flow you the vibe and they gonna be
saying that was though wrap your quotes
at the door of the vibe i'll be opening
inside your soul hold up yes i'm bombing
so atomic found a pocket yes i'm getting
in your mind i get the bumped hydraulics
in the way i'm driving you the wet flow
now through the energy now through the
wires and the circuitry now circle me
now on your calendar yes you know you
light it up i'm gonna be the damager of
those i'm gonna spit it so endure it
like a stamina khan spit it clearly in
your mind
rapping clearly getting you the action
that i'm doing never lacking practice
yes i'm going to show you that i'm
slamming the car going beyond it i'm
going to show you that this i'm a crown
the lyrics and the notions i'm dropping
in the oceans that be flowing through my
mind in the blood that cruising through
the rivers in the khan hold up you know
that i'm gonna flow you the great flaws
i'm spinning you the storm got tornadoes
in my mind twist your [ __ ] verb
hurry kind spitting you it's gonna be
absurd hurricane kind gonna be coming
through he land down on your mind spin
your [ __ ] wet in your mind now yes
you better recover as i'm gonna be
getting on you and you're gonna know but
i'll just be getting you disasters so
natural he's gonna see me spit your
other raps no calf i'm gonna cause
collateral i might show you that i'm
going across your lateral i'm gonna toss
up back in your mind
yes i'm gonna touch down like an alien
upon the trust now kind yes it just
sounds lay the law down can't never
judge though i'm gonna compound flows
i'll show you that you're so interested
in my dawn world i show you how i'm
gonna think it's writing you the bix
you're gonna see me [ __ ] see wickets
i don't even know what that means hit it
through the wickets other lyrics that
i'm spitting hold up yes it's gonna be
spinning pinning commenting i know they
gonna be infinitely honored in the fins
i'm swimming yes i'm gonna be cracking
all up on it yes that's gonna be a
hybrid as they mixing all the hate and
love that they be thinking so
hypocritical i'd be hyper critical of
the flows i'm spitting and i got the
spirit code and i know the damage got to
be tripled as i'm gonna be in the game
right now and i'm gonna catch em all
with the bars that i throw when you see
me earn the xp i know that i'll level up
in the next free and you're gonna see me
get it yes i'm training through the
forest through the routes i'm gonna
maintain it earning badges are the way i
rap this [ __ ] amazement hold up you
know that it's gonna be getting credited
inside the time that i'm gonna be
spending inside the way you [ __ ] a line
of twice inside my mind yes it's mitosis
but you do it in red hood
spit it i might find your mind ain't
that prime time you tuned in because i
can't rhyme through cuz see the wi-fi
that i be just causing inside of your
mind now hold up
show you the wings i'm spreading gonna
be flying through your mind the strings
is gonna be threatened it's all the
theories that i'm thinking yes i keep it
bless it hold up thinking
the message that you're gonna be needing
now and you see me sound
my goal is to play with the flow bro
even that
my goal is to play with the flow bro
[Music]
a raptor the patterns aspen all in mind
you're gonna be shocked with all the
things i'm gonna scatter out to saturn
hatter show you that i'm blasting holder
yes i'm never seeing challenge on my
balance the yin yang that i've been
thinking of is going to say thank you to
the people who bump with all the great
tones that i'm going to bank you won't
you'll see kind yet another dub swishing
you're the english in linguistics
instead of spitting stitching you the
situation yes i keep assisting you to
keep it switching hold up guess you keep
it wishing one two three with the dreams
of the wishes that you're spending on me
you gon know that i be getting you the
full facts i show you that i got flaw
lyrics and you know that i be taking on
it yes i'm going infinitely through time
it's moving clockwise cause i be a wise
clock cause i'm clicking on the line i'm
showing you that i'll be spitting on
your mind's eye i'm getting off the top
now yes i'm going to be a bird chirp you
the [ __ ] fly style wake up con gonna
set the alarms now i show you that i
said a lot of vibes inside your mind
wake up to khan i be breaking fast
show you that i do it every day i'm
going to spit it and you know you proven
to the way that i'm going to be fishing
you the lines you're going to be
choosing to be [ __ ] listening to
intuition gonna be
scripture
as i'm gonna rearrange all the lyrics
that i'm gonna say and you'll know that
i got the range and i better rewind the
way that i change the flows and the
flames that i lay and it's lame in terms
that i'm thinking of bro and you know
that i'm great with the words inside of
my [ __ ] flow and it's 8 4 with the
time that i throw you yes is double up
to the way that you go in the baseline
flow hold up dominating on the lines
nominate the khan to be going
presidential now nominated yes i'm
winning election now cause i'm teaching
elections now vote for khan oh my god
what we doing you know that i bank you
all the industries i'm going to feel the
calmness yes i'm feeling this
tranquility cause i'll be riding down
the [ __ ] logic every day i be
advanced with the healing flow i'm gonna
cure your soul with the drive that i
throw and i had that in my mind be an
ambulance now yes i clear the streets as
i'm gonna be going down the center of
the lines now yes i'm never gonna be
stopping no no option till you're gonna
know that i'm gonna be hopping too
you're gonna be popping so you're gonna
see the cured [ __ ] flow hold up yes
i'm gonna
[Music]
but then i run into another encryption
so i don't spit this lyrical lesson khan
better find out all the solutions in his
mind right now if he doesn't know what
he doing then what does he not know
better figure out that then fit it in
the note and i know that i'm spitting in
your door what you wish you could tune
yes we feeling different and i got the
lectures triggered in your mind yes
electricity every time i shock your
[ __ ] rhymes every time i'm going to
do it yes i'm in your [ __ ] eyes do
optometry in the options of my mind hold
up yes i'm thinking how to face your
vision yes you'll be to see it yes you
know i'm gonna be spitting holder yes i
had the facts in your mind it's the con
all never gonna be having cataracts i'm
gonna show you that the cat that raps i
love the stack of patterns in your mind
to earn the raps of answers that i'm
gonna be flowing and i'll show you that
is so spiritual as i be steering in your
soul experience the dude who'll be
getting in your mind now hold up you
know that i be seeing no fear to the
dude it's so essential to be moving
through the sentence in my mind release
the tension every day i'm gonna be
mentioning you i'm god in dimensions of
your mind yes you know you're gonna see
me blend up in the lyrics that i'm
landing in your vibe all the kind is
gonna do it yes i'm entering a zen
inside my head you better get it quick
hold up yes i'm gonna be the kid goat
hold up raised up to another vibe in
your mind yes i say stuff that you need
to think of twice and i say wise
thoughts and i know that it's gonna be
minced mice
hold up
dice yes i roll the dice think about it
better yes i see it better in your mind
i keep the measures in my mind windows
are the eyes well windows are the ears
and windows are the touch and windows
what you're feeling windows what's
inside your mind you're gonna [ __ ]
need to be open in the way that you
think about the things that you're
thinking of when you're gonna be
scripting all the things that they
telling you when you're gonna be growing
up screwing around with your mind and
you know what's going down is the truth
that you need to learn but the truth is
you the truth is me the truth is
[Music]
the door gonna be chosen to show you
bye with the hate that you move your
eyes gonna be thinking that you're
thinking of the flow harder than the
door but you know i'm on the brink of
mold yes philosophize the quotes that
i'm spitting on your eyes the host of
the vibe it's kind of
ah hold up
yeah yeah guys get me with words
it's a little too dark bro this you need
something
these are fire i'm like don't don't get
me wrong
joker coming through yes i do thank you
dude you got talent yes i'm gonna
balance you the great tune hold up you
know that i'm gonna spit it out for long
dude take a breath of con this is out
the tongue dude and you gon know that
i'm gonna bump you the dumb truth and
you know that i left you glad that you
swung through hold up swinging you i'm
gonna be winging spreading you the way
i'm flying through the way i'm getting
sentences up through the jungles in my
mind is king khan ring and you're the
heavenly gold things that i'm gonna try
hold up you know that i'm gonna be
playing games shoot [ __ ] now halo hello
how you doing yes i'm gonna be in hell
bro now i'm in heaven bro evil and good
insider dome back inside a different
state of mind when you were in the
history of people who didn't really know
what was going down so they thought that
the negative type feelings in their mind
and all the heat and energy that they be
feeling down gonna be like a different
type of universal energy they found in
their mind so they believe that this is
what's going down cause uncertainty and
not knowing [ __ ] is not so sound in
their mind so they don't feel disturbed
and they count
[Music]
what we doing you know that i'm spitting
you the lyrics and i'm gonna bounce now
giving you the riddles to the way you
need to figure out how you'll be living
life now hold up yes announce kind to be
spitting you the nouns now i'm just
gonna bounce pounds on the [ __ ]
trounce downs
show you that i'm going to spit you
things that going to be the bigger guy
who going to drizzle lines i'm going to
be getting you the brainstorms no
drizzle down no flurries now i'll be
storming you the [ __ ] cold freeze he
be getting blizzards of the wizardry
magic gonna be spinning around your mind
as i spit the heat and the flow and the
dichotomy are the thoughts that i
breathe you know that i'm gonna speak
here what you need at the peak i'm going
to see what i need to be peeking at hold
up where i'm seeing i don't know i need
to close my eyes i'm seeing that i'll be
right where i need to be now i'm
everywhere homie yes i'm going to speak
it free and it's any day homie that they
don't know about me cause i'm giving you
the energy that you're going to need for
real homie you know i'm going to speak
through the real flows real stories only
every day as i flow me hold up you know
that you know me pyromantics with the
fire and the antics that i'm going to
find in tactics that i'm spitting off
the top you know i got the heat in the
zone i'm gonna [ __ ] you yes your coach
hold up ah [ __ ] what we doing you're
stopping fire spitting you the flows
left your mind inspired i've been
squired flows off the top of my mind
it's just not thought about the mouth
and i know that every thought that i
done got could be spitting on a rhythm
now so hold up i'll be so omnipresent if
i know that i am everything that i know
everything but not know everything like
everything you know you need to go
inside your mind and open all the doors
but you know that you can't know
anything and almost like no one that is
knowing everything so you go and try to
become everything and once you become
everything then you know everything and
we be one in this thing you know it's
the kid who just flows you the dumb type
of things that you think of and done
thought that was some wisdom i don't
know but i'm getting you the
things you're witness scripting you the
things you're gonna be tuning into he's
just gonna paint the picture in the
lines of speaking hold up spitting on it
yes i do hypnotic type of flows they
sleeping on it as i'm swinging you the
gold i show you that i be getting not
sure that i'm gonna be the best cause
i'm telling dude that i'm gonna be the
best so let's move on bro
poke your mind show you my face you know
i'm in the secret room playing poker now
and i know that i'm gonna be moving
through
the energy i don't really [ __ ] with the
gambling [ __ ] cause it really could be
anything and reading people is a whole
part of the game you see and knowing the
logic in the math i respected my g but
that's not type of way that i feel about
money you know the only goal is to win
or lose money but you know it's
the other goal is to feel smarter than
the other people you know i'm down for
the game of poker
but the only reason it's like that much
of a game is because of money spent on
it you know like
so
oh [ __ ]
look at the time
um it has been a wonderful wednesday
session
see if you didn't check out my mixtape
please go check that out um i am pretty
proud of that and more to come though
not just mixtapes but like i just got a
whole bunch of [ __ ]
um
and i'm dropping the individual tracks
every day so you can tune into those
um but yeah the goal is to
just
every beat i spit on i do it like i want
to put it in the project
that's been my kind of
motto since december
um and it helps because it builds up
content so hopefully
[Music]
we had some dope moments
um in this one
amazing aj david griggs until next and
thanks appreciate you know it
also
hold up
it's not it's only nine people but one
second
my nine favorite people in the world my
10 favorite people i got other [ __ ] too
look at this
the thing is the blacks came in small i
thought i ordered large
the concrete logo
[Music]
we got
got the dope t-shirt the iconic classic
[Music]
we got this
we got this concrete logo on this [ __ ]
this soft as hell
[Music]
you know if y'all want to buy merch
actually we gotta maybe on friday we'll
do like a merch stream
or something you know where
where i just go until someone doesn't
buy a piece of merch or something
[Music]
uh after you know the allotted time that
i normally
anyway we'll see we'll see stay up on
the announcements come through to the
discord
um
and you'll get all the announcements uh
as of now i will see you on wednesday
but you know me
um i love spontaneously
just spitting at any point so tune in to
the discord have the at least the
announcement channel notifications on
um other than that
we're chilling we're chilling uh we out
appreciate y'all
[Music]
shouts out to the people chilling oh
hold up hold up it's a tradition one
second
all right
i'm gonna use your names and spoken word
and then we
oh heard what i said shouts out to the
joker who gonna see me got words and i
know who he be it before two three five
like it's kd and my kd are gonna be so
efficient g you know cause i'm sniping
[Music]
[Music]
no che don't say that i flow great
everyday khan you know that i'm gonna
flow do got another line for whose psalm
and it's saying this gonna be the peace
that i send out to david griggs it's
gonna be the guy
saying you the phrase hey how we doing
shining through your eyes like it's
amazing jay
got the sunglasses on mine then i'll
send you all the answers that i'm
spitting off my mind yes i do define god
every time i do the fine kind cause you
know
to the people on the line know what you
need
i think you're the last one
all right guys love y'all peace