these prayers that i got to just speak
now guess it's going to be page tone to
the way i'm going to speak you another
picture yes the scripture gonna come out
in tone yes you read it like the bible
you know that i'd like to show you all
the proof and the faith that they put
inside the game play it differently hey
yes i'm gonna say hey to the people
tuning in you know that i'm gonna be so
fluid with this [ __ ] kind wanna move it
yes i'm grooving with all the lyrics
that be getting in my mind i doubt the
wind ah show you out to dublin with this
[ __ ] con double up the lyrics yes i'm
sipping now hold up i'm gonna do this
spitting you the lyrics yes i'm feeling
true [ __ ] every day i'm spitting you the
truest things that you see on time that
but ruins i tell you that i'm gonna spit
you the mixtures the twisters the words
that i get so when up in the storms in
my head brain getting that to drop i'm
gonna tell you that i'm getting so hot
with the flow right now i can't say hi
yes i'm gonna bounce now say my mind
feeling really great i'm seeing eight
minus one people chilling on the line it
be seven up to heaven with the heavenly
thoughts i'm gonna tell you that i'm
ringing yes i got taught to tell you
what we doing five people so alive in
the room yes we getting so loud i showed
you that i see the lines in my mind big
joe 21 coming through let's go kind imma
flex more rhymes every day i'm going to
detect your mind and just be the texture
different just a lesson scripted in the
lines of top is getting encrypted in the
computer stories i got the drive so hard
yes i'll make your mind soft with the
rhyme i tell ya that i'm gonna get it
moving animate the lyric and you're
picking yes i'm picking up such soul
code with the [ __ ] flow king khan yes
it's miss chandan and lebron whoa this
is gonna be 265 answer all the lyrics
that i do shit's live everyday the dude
got the ball for you i'm gonna output
the input to dorio you're gonna
it is you a to the max say you the raps
every day with the way they're done
pissing off the fam in the stacks
hold up you know that i do it here it's
great when i'm gonna go eviscerate all
the lyrics yes evict the hates spitting
you the lyrics yes i be victorious today
hold up kind so exhilarated in the rhyme
i'm gonna do it silly literature every
time i be spitting you the books i'm
gonna text you hi how you doing with the
message on your cell phones hold up what
we doing putting in the work fi every
day leaving them looking in the words
let them homies bitten yes i spit
between the lines ace it every serve out
the big joe 21 i say ay it be dollar
7.99 that i'm gonna claim got 11 mo love
that i'm gonna say 7-eleven hold up fast
food and on the way
uh
i got like 15 new beats that i just
picked out
so we're gonna run through that playlist
real quick
shout out to the 12 people hey big joe
coming through with the mad love shouts
out
to the 799a coming through a seven times
to the guy
hold up you know that i've been flow
spit to out to do shouts out to big joe
shouts out to homie dorio yes i'm gonna
fit the con structures in your dome khan
on his road always see construction
signs on the vibe cause i'm gonna be
building every nod i be getting
foundation looking right but i found
greatness as i'm digging you another
mind gold bars on your mind one time
engraved in the high lyrics right up in
my mind hieroglyphics says i'm gonna be
sketching you a different picture get it
in the scripture yes i'm gonna say my
mind yes i do it soon
as i'm gonna graduate i give you some
light and there's gonna be sunshine hold
up yes they sending some flight to the
dude i don't know what they want i just
got a lot of flows in the letters and
the way that the play with the words so
expert hold up what we doing yes i'm
gonna be giving you thanks i'm gonna be
thanking you all thanks giving you with
the best the bless the lyrics that gonna
test yes i aced it every day you face it
so the faces when i say it i tell ya
[Music]
to helter to helter to people who gonna
tell me that i do not got to float now
let me tell you that they'll put you in
the spell with flows now wander in my
mind i got the wand i'm gonna be
sticking yes some glowing yes i'm
shining you the magic right upon it hold
upon another thought that the kind gonna
spit got upon the ripper yes the
thoughts creaking in your heads all the
creeping in your heads or reaping these
rewards as i do the rewind the words yes
we word hold up what we doing yes i say
hey to the god siege for pres you know
that i'm gonna save flames these be best
thoughts that i see flames off the brain
hey how we doing you know that i do the
test other people who be thinking that
that donates the test i'm gonna tell ya
that the fly on your mind shout out to
your right ass online you're gonna say
hey how are we doing whoa you know that
is gonna become a stone as i'm on a roll
with the sentences i'm gonna be hold and
i'm running on yes i better hit the
blunt slow whoa hold up jump yo soul to
a different level yes i'm gonna come to
the dude that i'm gonna be yes become
who you gonna want on your scene yes i
just dumb truth hold up
[ __ ] what you need and you know that
i'm gonna get it really different
yes reviving yes you know the literature
bended ah in the letters that i tie
right up in the eight that i be not
needing i got time to fly and skydive in
the deep little thoughts right up in
your [ __ ] mind got the brainstorms
yes it's earthy elemental but the lyrics
yes i'm getting right up in your
centrals at the nexus of the flows i
make it so essential as i do it every
day i'm going to throw you these
utensils out
off the top i'm gonna be sticking long
time no see adi gonna be any kind go on
the boom yes i got a lot of freya four
for you yes i'll do it on the monopoly
bang pow yes i'm gonna sing out loud
show you what i do
to my dogs as i bark out the truth got
the bike tool yes i'm gonna shout right
at you hold up kind do it never need no
wide out never edit homies i do it off
the top routes gonna be stepped in the
sky lyric heads out what we doing
send hi to the kids who'll be tuned to
the way that the spirit situation know i
do it really quick hold up
flowing like the water in the ocean you
know that i do it yes i got the potion
for your soul i'm gonna be healing your
mind you're gonna know that i'm stepping
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
do it every day i'm gonna be the solo
i'm the top guy i'm gonna be spitting
off the top off the spot i'll be kicking
switching hold up up a night to get it
in an angle that you're needing try it
really crazy as geometrical with it hold
up what we doing yes i'm gonna never
edit the scripture i'm gonna
[Music]
i never got the time to complain imma
show you that the number one agent so
clearly yes experience the fine lines
[Music]
what we doing you know that i'm gonna
grow it yes it's gonna be forestry
[Music]
hold up now yes it's gonna be already
pop off yes you know i'm gonna spit the
pop off the line every day yes it's off
the lid it's gonna pop off every time
the king spits it's gonna be king kind
yes i'm sitting on my throne now yes
i've been fired yes i know i'm gonna be
the guy who do it free every night just
intuitively use the vision geo to see it
clearly in your optics got the options
of the lyrics yes i do deposits every
day you're spitting better posture that
the dude is gonna get it yes
you another lyric yes i preach you have
you ever tried jumping on the kid the
wiz beating us and the link kid then i'm
gonna spit you the wizardry yes it's
mystically how i'm gonna do the mist i
spritz it every day hold up what we
doing every eve do it up in adam every
time i birth the free this is so
essentially elementally godly with the
way you purely define divine the lines
that you
[Music]
through the circuitry i might get
connected in your soul with the feeling
really right kind showing you that i'm
gonna be doing this kind doing you
another flavor full [ __ ] hold up 14 go
get the thoughts in the door dave you
know that i do swear it's the truth
homie sitting on a new chair who this
it's the kid who going to get the spinal
structure looking a little better
need the aerodynamics or ergodynamics
whatever
ergo
oh yeah
we still go we still got the fun vibes
in this playlist though shouts out my
man big joe
coming through with the beat request
live real quick
um but that playlist is fire too so i'm
pumped to
get the variety here kid the whiz i i
haven't
is it just an instrumental or is someone
going to be singing on it
or rapping or whatever shout out to the
people chilling by the way randomly on a
tuesday i wanted to do a different time
didn't really announce it
you know i wanted to keep it
you know
wasn't sure
is this it bro i'm not sure
[Music]
all the logic kind looking right clean
yes it's ergonomic with the way i'm
sitting so correct on the rhyme can't do
it really different getting in your
heart hold up what we doing yes it is
surprised how i got the keys to the
streams of the rhymes hold up yes i'm
going to do it freely watch find time to
just give your other lyrics need in the
line now got the energy cleverly cut
that in the melody that they do yes
expecting me to be better every day than
this week so i let the lectures bleed in
my mind teach what you want every day i
got the things i'm learning deep with
the code yes i'm going to be on the edge
living on the know yes i'm traveling
through your heads kinda do it different
just rewind it every day get another
textbook type [ __ ] that i'm gonna do yes
i activate it then i do the activator
yes i got the on off switch type of
flavor that you need yes to stay here in
the beach hold up
do it really clearly you know that i
just got home yes i'll be the guy who'll
be getting all the lyrics yes i'm
breathing yes i'm breathing yes i'm
reading you the lyrics every evening
hold up what we doing get the words wet
time after time baby sounded perfect i
show you that the rap they hate that i
got other flows yeah they'll never
deactivate no oh hold up yes it's some
[ __ ] left to give to the people that
got the [ __ ] dumb drug of bags of rhymes
i don't know what we doing
moving through the lyrics as berserk up
on the beat hold up you know they don't
have live vic in my mind yes you better
smash live but in jerry no way no che
coming through with them reminder in the
way hold up you know that i'm gonna be
leaving you the lyrics
you know i got the awareness that i'm
spitting you
[Music]
yes i get to have fun of the flows at
the feast on east west spray with the
way that they say you the great lane i
show you that i've integrated lyric says
i'm eating off the [ __ ] dinner plate
hold up down yes you know i'm gonna take
the ball the rhyme yes i'm gonna be
sipping till it's late i show y'all that
i'm on a different level together yes
i'm gonna be eating feast yes never got
no dessert no one you know that i'm
gonna see what you needed every day i'm
going berserkers uh
what we're doing yes i'm driving all
these yes i'm on my drive
you the lyrics that you want now hold up
you know that i do the rap [ __ ] i'm
gonna find a gps a geographic i know the
rock that i'm gonna spit on your mind
gonna get the grass looking right hold
up you know that i'm gonna breath exhale
yes i look at cells green all the text
cell ah no i'm gonna graph it as well
yes i'm gonna project it yes you're
gonna see me i mean i'm gonna show you
they regress to me cause i'm at a
different type of level g deviate from
standards every day do it logically yes
i'm gonna systematically do on the logic
speed hold up ah
[ __ ]
how are we doing
[Music]
we got a lot of beat requests we got a
youtube crowd in the room
we got a fine feeling right now in the
tune we got a fine dude spitting you a
rhyme true we got
mac miller type beat eternal
in the room we slowing down the vibe and
it's true
[Music]
hold up hold up hold up yes i'm gonna
have to
show you that that master
who i kind of gonna be now
yes inside the pocket i'ma breathe now
tell your dad to mix these thoughts yes
i'm sending love out to sixteen people
who gon tune into me as i'm gonna flex
flows hold up yes it's carry paris hey
and let's go whoa playing with the
layers in my head bro get yo mind on the
same wavelength as i'm gonna wave high
across the seas yes i oscillate through
lyrics that i find through the skies
through the cables i be able to be
stashing all the lyrics burning down the
ashes
show you that i'm blasting opening your
lashes eyes wide thought you're gonna
look at this fine can't stop
now getting through your doors hold up
what we doing you know that i'm gonna
speak you all the lyrics
what the hell you know that i'm going
growing yes i'm fruitful like an orange
hold up what we doing yes i'm
overflowing overdosing you with all the
juice i'll be exposing off the dome the
thoughts the blood that flowing through
my mind is gonna leave your mind [ __ ]
nullified and i know that it's eight nil
one i'm gonna play on the field yes i'm
taking tiger passing edition yes i'm
going to may as well
do it one more time kicking freestyles
at the dot over walls getting through
your nets hold up internet gonna get all
the lyrics that i do i try add it just
divide it yes i'm gonna multiply the
lyrics that you're needing hold up what
we doing yes the phoenix leave it into
ashes is he gonna spit the fire that the
master hold the kind cracking all your
broken ankles down one more time as i'm
gonna get in lane in the paint taking
you a picture off the bank switching get
the english s linguistic on the thank
you for tuning into the lyrics vicious
when i think that i'm gonna do it yes
i'll rap you magically every day i feel
the magnanimity
of the rhyme it be big with the love
apricots gonna be never juicier than cuz
hold up what we doing truest on the dump
thought wise wisdom off the line that
they tied one time i show you that i
wonder how i lust for another lyric that
i travel through my mind i bust you the
lyrics and i win badly every day yes the
competition gonna sign me to just say
that i'm gonna say what's good out to
sin bad b never feeling bad if i did the
sin i just be believed that i got the
intention
pure in the soul hold up what we doing
let me move in your mind you know that i
do it one time yes i'm gonna get the
[ __ ] lube of rhymes kind fruit for
what lyrics i try to do without the
cubicle i'ma break out i show you
[Music]
another lyrical level breakdown your
mind break down your soul cause your
downtown bounces a break on the beat
through my soul hold the kind showing
you i'm gonna get it left and right with
this way yes my name is jeff yeah to the
meme guy you know that i see my mind i
think let me know if i'm right or wrong
i got the right song for you never need
to write a song i'm gonna flow for you
you know that i'm unified with the
people tuning to the truest lines that i
do of my mind you know that i got lines
kind never gonna stop won't stop i'm
showing you that it be free in my mind
every day as i give you in this piece
that i feel in the love let that spit i
break to peace is the thoughts that that
do every day it's gonna be he to the
spice you know that i got to tell you
that it's spicier than jalapeno pepper
you're 100 of the truth now
with the way that them tasteful with the
time that the take is it's never
wasteful do it every day shouts out
phoenix it's the flames bro every day
i'm flying through your mind with the a
swole
on the line 10 die
lures and i learned that
your color inside your [ __ ] mind you
learn the khan is never gonna stop
we about to let it breathe on the beat
shouts out id
and shouts out all the odd peeps
in the room with me
you know we all odd in our own way
um
you know i try to be odd with the flow
you know
shouts out to the super chats coming
through shouts out to the super cats who
got eyes that just see me
[Music]
giving you the lyrics that you're gonna
be seeing what we doing kinda is gonna
do it it's the reason i'm feeling really
clearly different when i'm gonna be
speaking to the people hearing all the
lyrics that i'm taking hold up yes i'm
never tweaking hold the spit some flows
yes i'm gonna be thinking you the rhymes
the wisdom yo mine gonna get inside the
rhyming through the wicked yes i'm
through your eyes with the way i kick it
and it's wicked how i stick it yes i'm
glowing yes it's sticking high how we
doing so addicted to the dictionary
tried to give you lyrics yes i'm going
to be taking talking the clock is not
stopping round and round your mind i be
getting acting different yes your soul
prophylactic as i'm getting in your
minds through your blood i'm just moving
you what does that mean i don't know
shouts out landing house in the room yes
i'm gonna tell you all these lyrics
every day i'm gonna slap it in your mind
and man you're all gonna know it's
automatic as i drive hold up i show you
that i see the fullness in the lyrics
that the spit is gonna be in the pieces
eunice hold up what we doing kind of
feel peacefulness every speedy time do
it yes
gonna hold up you know i can popping
get i'm
here some fizzling on the floor like
soda can hold up you know that i say
around the kind it's gonna be empiric
like this gang is kind i'm gonna take
over in a peaceful way i'm gonna
is the right way to be moving through
yes we can connect be one but you know
that we gonna want each other to become
ah the next the one they wanted to
become but it's hard cause it's global
with the issues that we've done hold up
you know that they feeling
excommunicated when you do not hit text
you do not [ __ ] communication
with the other people you better get it
unique inside the way you feeling yes
i'm so united with the way i'm gonna
spit the lyrics and the truest nights
and days is the way that i'm gonna get
inside the lane i'm gonna be spitting in
your mind hold up at last find the atlas
and i find time to drive got the maps
gps savings lyrics out to carry yes it's
feeling crazy yes i'm gonna spit your
all the lyrics got the raps i breathe
every day i'm gonna put it to
hospitality
hold up
hospitality guys define the tactics gi
show you that i rip it every day i
mastered me yes i got it on ya yes i'm
breathing yes i'm gonna do it yes i
smoke it down it through esophagus i'm
gonna be feeling all the lyrics that i'm
spitting yes it's out the throat when i
be giving you the lyrics that you know
and this torture when i can't take time
to spit you another flow hold up what we
doing let me get my time you know it's e
to my i'm going to cast this this is out
to casaus you're gonna see me spit the
flames this triple dude got another flow
a seven mole times the whole time hold
up you know that i'm going to flow the
raps the kind going to the picture in
this photograph the con gong go pro with
the flows and wrap that here do it
omnipotent with the godly facts that
i'll be spitting through the scripture
yes i got the wrath that you'll be
needing and i find these lyrics out to
19 people who gon tune in to me yes it's
noah two nily ah tuned in to me let's
get back to the
freestyle playlist tc
hold up hold up you know that we gonna
be moving
let me show you that we do this
yes i know i do deduce this
to be the rudest type of movement yes
you groove in yes i do this
you know that i'm gonna choose this
every day i do deduce this
gonna be the truest movement you'll be
grooving who to do with this lyrics you
know that i do a pure and crazy sun kind
elemental so uranium blowing up inside
your mind yes i'll radiate the half life
forever long it's infinite with why i
live on and on hold up you know that is
periodically the lyrics that i get up in
the sentence is my g yes it's going to
be scripture on the legacy i breed all
upon the online ready to be me steadily
be free off the top my mind spitting yes
you better see me as rewinder lyrics
scripted off the top of my mind the code
is gonna be encrypted on your drives on
your cloud yes i'm gonna think it in the
brainstorms hold up memory inside your
soul yes i'm ramming all the thoughts
that i've been speaking to the lines you
know that i'm gonna grip it everyday
infinite with the limits as i spit it
hold up you know that i'm going to speak
flows he's dope time gonna do it
innovative with his decor hold up yes
i'm gonna be in the core of my blood
hold up what we doing d flows gonna be
crazy as i be spitting you the
other flow design it out a smooth player
hold the khan gonna do it you know that
i'm gonna wrap the free lyrics out today
yes i'm gonna mix the twist today's
gonna have some of this that's symmetry
hold up but we doing you know then i'm
gonna speak these
you know that i'm gonna do this let me
tell you that the kind of choose this
hold up you know that i'm gonna go to do
stairs to be the rudest type of movement
who we do to do this kind gonna do the
deuces that i be getting in the line
just getting to another level you know
that i get your lines and divide why
with the way you spread your mind as i
open wide with the wings that i'm gonna
be spitting in your mind through the
cables yes electrically spitting through
the lectures that just trickle in your
mind hold up what we're doing sticking
on tonight hold up bumping yours inside
the side right to show your mind to a
different type of level you're supply
how you doing fire you're gonna come
through five times so alive with the
lives inside the dumb rhymes that the
spirit is the spit words kind gonna get
it through the sphincter hold up you
know that i'm gonna sink words in your
mind yes i'm gonna link first hold up
[Music]
send it one and two more times yes i get
your [ __ ] settings tuned to the right
level right up into my car never gonna
stop guess i'm gonna find time to do it
you know that i in this [ __ ] you know i
make the dope influence it's no
hindrance to think of this blissful [ __ ]
listen let me tell you that it's gonna
shine yes it listens hold the kind do it
yes it's so exquisite yes i'm gonna
solve all the answers i wrote the
quizzes wow
[Music]
sometimes i be so aggressive hold up
show you that i'm gonna get up out the
box with the hot rhymes i know that i'm
gonna smoke on the mic yes i do it every
day i call it hot box i show you that i
find may in the lines every day i be
designated here to be the door to gonna
get this signature on the contracts that
they gonna be saying hold up what you're
saying
showing you the lyrics yes you're gonna
be orientated inside the different type
of levels in your mind i'm going greater
every day i'm going to cheese just to
smile gonna be braided hold up
ay graded the flames say it one more
time boy cooper in the line you see
throw five dollars it shows
that you've been spending time with the
gold you bring a nasty you leave flavor
with your flows shouts out to the
compliment homie you know that i got the
bent stories in my mind every day i'm
gonna shine hold up rhymes gonna be
flowing through the fluid kindness in
this so you know i'm gonna go and sew it
together
yes you know it's gonna be crazy as i'm
gonna be getting better through the
souls that's gonna be moving you know
that i'm gonna provoke you yes exposure
another type of lyric do it with the
composure hold up guess you got a
composter on your line is the kind gonna
expose the kind of thoughts in this hole
what we doing you know that i'm gonna
got flows hold up
cooking isn't rocking on your mind on
your countertop yes it's feeling marble
showing you that i had it yes i'm gonna
be cracking the other colors yes i'm
looking like some granite as i'm gonna
be feasting every day they cutting on
the floors they're not spitting yes
you're gonna be wanting things that they
do yes i lay the foundation for the way
i cook and i'm gonna found greatness
kind got the flow yes they sound and
washed as i'm gonna spit the clean wet
flows as i die what we doing yes i'm
gonna go in the lion's con gonna be
spitting you i already did orange you
know that i'm going to flow strange
cause i got the a e i o range hold up in
the flows it's strange how people
thinking that i can't spit all range is
crazy flowing the grossing your mind
forestry other potions fruitful time
after time with the flow that i'm doing
every day i'm feeling so dope in the
lyrics
yes you're gonna get another one yes i'm
gonna be wandering my mind hold the
stair flows rare soul every day i'm
spitting yes i'm paying it's a fair road
grows every time i'm spitting out the
egypt how you doing yes i'm gonna be so
empiric when i'm getting to your soul
kind intrinsically feeling the tricks
you see speak your scripture be just
lean a different type of way sway blow
away swish off the bank yes i fade away
ah
faded yes the bars burn kind cold off
top yes the bars bird
ah
the word flows gonna get you high on a
roll on this joint like some purple hole
duck kind go berserk bro
yeah orange is like you just gotta have
a rhyme for orange
hold up how we feeling you know that we
gonna take the time to be bumpy
let me show you that we feeling really
fine and the lyrics that you want hold
up you know that that dude got time
smoking like a camel shots are who's
time i'm going to take a flow straight
to the so kind chillin yes up on the
sidewalk on this smoke break whoa you
know that i'm gonna tell you that it's
never dry wet yes i'm never gonna desert
this i'm in it every day
fine
lyrics that i say hua another flow
spitter yes it's gonna be newer tuning
yes i'm gonna be tunneling the ill
freeze yes i'm gonna be seeing my mind
after two nearly as i'm gonna throw you
out the window homie yes i'm gonna be
feeling anger yes i'm gonna never wait
to take it yes i'm gonna throw you out
the window for a station d deforestation
holder why is that the word my g it's so
crazy yes i'm going to rap this hard yes
i'm going to capture bars off the top
your six fantastic hold the kind gonna
get up on your videos through this
[ __ ] graphic card i'm gonna show you
all my cards yes i'm gonna stack 52 plus
the lyrics that i'm gonna collect hold
up i know i got the value up i'm
stacking up the sports car good sport
i'm gonna tell ya that i'm gonna get up
in the line i show you that i'm spitting
you the things you want to find time to
just tuning in you know that i'm spewing
this i show you that i do it so it's two
weeks kid i tell ya that i wrap your all
this greatness yes i got the maps i do
without the
navigation through the lines that it's
going to be blessings yes you're testing
well i'm going to tell you i'll be
asking questions taste them better with
the flow they don't spit and try harder
and prove me wrong my god i done did
orange i done did purple i done did you
delirious i'm gonna learn bro jenny hi
how you doing yes i get the quote tell
you yes i see you through the distance
through this telescope for you outer
space is i got the space for our next
word in the phrase i
[Music]
teaming up with other people tune into
what's 18 seeing dude deceive all the
people thinking that i'm gonna stop nine
moving on as we're going to the top nine
got the flow they do not know how to
stop nine in my soul i'm just doing you
define style the kind style the confines
that we doing well in the line yes it
swells through my mind hey how we doing
[Music]
let me run let me swim let me bike on
your mind
rap songs let me swing let me fly let me
rap to your flaws
yes triathlons
[Music]
there are some questionable beats in
here too
yo
this session is lit people
i appreciate y'all for tuning in it's
18.
we're going to go on for definitely a
little bit more freedom
let me tell you that we gonna be getting
to the five right now hold up kind
[Music]
spelling you the thoughts in his mind
[Music]
that i'm going up off the floor now
stepping up the door would that
situation be so unfortunate
tell you that i'm gonna get the flows in
your mind burn it in your soul kind sit
and yes i'm gonna be stepping in your
mind living different yes i beat the
furniture hold up i'm going to be firm
with words i'ma get it out of this
everyday yes i'm going to be seeing you
through the window where the camera
lends it's going to be logitech so
logically technological with the lines
technically the final thoughts and soul
that them gonna be feeling you know that
i'm gonna be rocking kinda gonna be
changing up all the flows and pockets
hold up what we doing but what are you
wearing i'd be wearing this and i'm
wearing this pair of white shorts then
you know i got the headphones and you
know i got the wet soul with the flow
that i tell you hold up what we doing
dripping with the freestyles kind
spitting you the liquid freestyles i'm
showing you i'm gonna be
the guy who gonna spit your other flavor
hold up yes i'm sitting on the omega
talk about your new chair yes it's gonna
got the flavor got a nice little cushion
for the support you know i gotta get it
yes report you the way i'm sitting in
the way that i'ma flow and i got this
pillow don't really use that though but
it's sometimes i like to just lean back
[Music]
hold up what the jenny say now why don't
we do that i don't know but i'm gonna
flow you fast if i flow guess i'm gonna
speak the time you don't know guess i'm
gonna speak the lyrics in it crazy how
i'm gonna do never be deficient over the
line give no dead to safe lane
[Music]
let me let me let me let me let me let
me tell you
that we feeling really dope really
though
yes i'm gonna be feeling dope feeling
though
let me tell you that the bars i'm able
to be spitting yes i'm poking your mind
the card table gonna be saying that i'll
be all in hold up you know that i'm
gonna speak the fallen lyrics you know
that it's overpauling and they're gonna
step up to the godly there is god hymns
hold up every day yes i'm gonna spit it
wrap it inside your mind got the wrong
tactician in the rhyme yes i'm going to
be tapping to a different lines yes i'm
going to be using intuition as i'm
wishing for a different type of thought
just to squeeze it with the way i'm
going to gift it in your soul hold up in
the presence you know there are no
annoying thoughts in my mind go but i
get the polaroid of the memory in my
soul and i look back and there was like
a way i was little boy so i'm never
gonna regret got the memories the
pictures that be chilling in my head but
now i'm moving on cause i be who i be
right now when i'm feeling really strong
so we be looking at the polaroid you
know that you're gonna go with joy
you're the lyrics let the boy throw and
flows hold up what we doing destroy the
lyrics as i work for it gets employed
[Music]
[Music]
i do send love to the peeps who don't
raise me hold up guess this kiss is out
to you too yes i'm going to speed it yes
i do it's always squeeze it when i'm
going to speak you the lyrics yes i got
the pure facts yes this dude it's the
homie if he searches let's go khan yes
i'm gonna flex mo rounds in your mind
kind of get more rhymes every night hold
up what we doing now gonna spit your
lyrics as i'm gonna be stitching you the
lyrics yes it's super threaded in the
line yes i'm getting superstitions ended
every time i rhyme never feeling lucky
because i put inside the time so you're
gonna [ __ ] with all the lyrics that i'm
doing one and two more times now ah do
it yes i'll wrap the mean lyrics and you
know i'm gonna amp like the rhymes and
the lines in the circuitry yes i'm never
going to be bouncing and i know i'm
gonna be waving high trampoline
showing ya
doing a lot of things but i know it's
pure in the soul now yes the spirit
flows 21 times i to big joe who want
another one if you knew what too neatly
you know that i'm fighting like a
beowulf hold up say a wolf kind gonna be
a wolf bite down hold up roar like a
lion in the lines i'd be lying i show
you that i got the time to be giving you
the king kind lines yes i'm gonna be
soaring yes i'm gonna be flying yes i'll
leave you bald like an eagle now see
your rhyme off the top of my mind yes
i'm gonna burn it down one time with the
flows rap ish gonna be volcanic ash
in the room
get the lessening of this excellence kid
got a sentence straight up in the head
and i let it sit on the mic yes it's
quick is sick i know that the spit
styles off the whip yes you know it's
limitless as i spit your other bliss
[Music]
bump things different yes it's gonna say
suck gang to the dude who'll be chillin
yes i'm gonna go crazy kind you know
that i say these rhymes yes i'm gonna
break these confines as confines another
rhyme so just say inside my mind i just
get inside the rhythm and i let fly yes
i'm gonna spread my wings and i get by
yes i'm living really fine through the
wet style that i'm feeling yes it's
gonna be pure it's just the way i'm
feeling never acting delirious i'm gonna
be deadly yes i'm gonna be a riot g
crazy yes you got to find the time i'd
be putting into all the linguistics that
i spinning this yes i
[Music]
through the video yes i'm gonna pick
your soul yes i'm gonna spit the audio
through the pixels kind do it yes i know
i got phrases in the lines so
hieroglyphics it's concave with the way
i'm going to venture my light i'm going
to put it scenario blend it tonight you
gonna know that the bump to all the
words and this kind is going to do will
never be undetermined hold up can't
deter this i'm just going to spit your
lyrics just the word list the pure [ __ ]
the word smith you know that i find time
to just get up in my mind time for my
third eye wide open and tonight i'll be
universally connected in the line guess
i'm going to show you that i be god you
be god oddly fine with the lines i tried
to spit you who a dude who'll be
meditated on the flow like buddha oh
it's the kind
show you that we going to be feeling
really different
up yes it's something different yes you
know i'm never fake with the words i'm
waving high yes i'm gonna be winning
rings yes you know i'm gonna do it like
the lakers hold up but you know i'm
gonna muscle up i don't know what
russell's up to but he better get it
done ah differently or else that is not
gonna be the situation that is gonna get
them a dub hold up now kind know you
better be strong but not like lebron
punching dudes to work inside the pain
it's gonna be great to spend against the
knicks yes you know you're gonna say
what is going on man i don't know but a
lot of [ __ ] is going down in the league
so you know that diamond got the time to
flow and you best believe the dude
always bitten you these freeze never
fantasy i be top of the league as i'm
spitting you the harder lyrics honestly
g i'm going to promise to g that i'm
never going to compromise who i am
inside the lines always improvised uh
synchronized linking all these rhymes
right up in your vision yes you're
scripted in the vibe con so encrypted in
the code i write yes i'm looping fours
looping fours break out hold up wolcon
doing this it's gonna be junction all
your mind inside the rhythm got you all
these functions equate contour all the
feeling that you want yes it's that the
beats every time i take a breath inside
the soul
show you that up in the spot it be
popping every time gonna be hopping kind
gonna be popping gonna be copping time
yes he's shopping for another
[Music]
when they try to test this i be spitting
you the lyrics yes i find the blessings
let's find the lessons yes i get it
detested inside the hate that they be
sending but wait you're gonna just see
me speak these lyrical trees in spite of
the truth yes it's growing it's seated
hold up ah [ __ ]
how we doing
people in the rhyme hit wolf on the
rhyme i know that i'm going to spit you
my flow's gone go with the [ __ ] lil
style that i'm going to throw yes it's
21 tonight people in the line panic in
the lay was lit jerry no way no che
going through the lines that they do yes
the lives that they do yes you gon know
that i'm always gonna tell you all the
lyrics and i'll never feel
inconsequential always feel real yes i
know i beat me blessed today i'm saying
yesterday to the rhymes that that bless
you jay you're gonna know that i did it
since yesterday you're gonna see me yes
i eat well shouts out to the dude see if
i need tell i might tell your mind is
going to be feeling really different
with the lyrics i'm going to be writing
in the line just the rhythm going to be
bumping who earns another rhyme
cooper blowing all the fires i'm gonna
be feeling all the lyrics hitman gonna
be killing i tell you that i'm gonna
hurt these lyrics that be stepping up to
me birds bees gonna get the restaurant i
don't know what that means but i'm gonna
be busy as a p burst in your freeze
blurt in your
when i be riding on the floor like a
question i'm on the conquest and i'm
going to request to your mind to tune
into all of this
find inside of the hot stuff that a
spitting typhoon hoe does vineyard the
wet storms of the brain can't tell ya
that he's spinning yes i'm flying like a
propeller crow with the pill type of
feeling that the duel has to chill with
the lyrics of a killing hold up now kind
do we got to
i know that i'm going to be elected
presidential with the flocon going to
the north pole with the rounds cold
freezing every time that the thing flows
he's in different top he's the season
that you're going to be feeling relief
in hold up kind do it clearly different
yes i'm gonna eradicate the hate that
that guy gonna send it to me i'm gonna
evolve yes i'm to tell you these friggs
you're going to know they don't go and
catch them all it's going to be like
pokemon you know that'll never be a rat
in the line yes i'm crawling on your
mind hold up hold up
tell ya that i'm going to be getting
through a different type of nestling to
hold up i concur with the face i'm gonna
think that the kind can count gonna
concur hold the eyes showing you a might
stir another line yes it's always gonna
find pure thoughts and you're so bumpy
everyday charged with the flow plugged
in i told you that i'm gonna have to
find the lines in your mind yes i feel
like sand my eyes imma slice in the dice
and i roll the dice i'm gonna be
cutting up the bees something really
sweet with the way i'm strutting you
these freeze you're suggesting all your
friends to believe that the kind
on your mind on your face just to get
these freeze
grader with the lyrics here's some
slightest need to beat now
hold up what you saying now kind feeling
feeling really great now
26 people in the room man shout out to
everyone chilling on this later session
i know i never really do this time so i
want to hit this time frame as well at
least once and it's thanksgiving you
know wednesday thursday people are often
[Music]
we got stuff going on so i just wanted
to get a streaming shout out to everyone
chilling
shouts out to tantu beast by the way
which most of these beats are from and i
just found him he's pretty fire
anyway anyway you know that i'm going to
spit the clever phrases in your mind
holder you know they're the spirit
you're the what y'all want kind do it
crazy yes i'm gonna live these eyes tune
into the lyrics you know that it's gonna
feel so nifty yes to spin it yes it's
gonna be vinyl yes it's classic yes
you're gonna hear me warm yes 360. hold
up kind make you feel swifty hold up
take a whiff of me now you smelling all
the stink on your face god
the easiest thing that i'm gonna do yes
i cause delirium he's just done the
different the thongs you gonna do with
you know that i'm gonna speak in tongues
you're gonna see me hold up yes i bought
the freeze kind yes i kill your
we be building this moving shouts out
heavy shots are just shots at all the
people tuning into the team you gon know
that i'm gonna do it blowing steam with
this flow
yes i'm working hard and you know we
moving yes we got a lot going on but you
know we grooving you know that we moving
yes i'm gonna be choosing to be living
this dream homie feeling lucid control
this thing that they do when i take
breath every morning be hold hold up
eyes wide open yes i'm gonna break this
fast of the flow right now let me spell
the time showing you that i go
yes i'm going to be bumping through your
stereo hold up through your radio hold
up ray that be ray like sunshine hold up
that'd be vo that be godly with the way
your bump rhymes hold up kind do it
everyday you do it quick
be the supervisor of the rhymes you'll
know that it's super sicker as i'm going
to spit you all the dope is hyper
scripture kind this is the first one i
caught live coy cooper never feeling koi
when he t me get up in the line cooped
up in my mind and i'm doing you the
lyrics just recoup you all the time i
hold up you know that i spit you all the
lyrics yes is when yes it's never if
when i'm gonna spit your turd down when
hold up it's a gift yes i'm gonna read
it sip the letters through the cards of
the library books that i'm gonna find in
my mind yeah you know i'm gonna find
time to learn this class with the
freestyle online do it every day stream
one time give your rhymes you know that
it's gonna be shouts out down hit one
more time and your [ __ ] mind hit wolf
tune into the lyrics i define i'm
feeling really fine yes i got the file
so far in your mind this is five at the
time with the lines that i'm gonna find
emojis gonna get colorful when i rhyme i
tell
gonna taste so dope ado
uh
order it online you're just clicking on
the kind it be appetizing with the way
i'm on your apps with the rhymes it's
kind the guy who'll be the rapping
[Music]
this one's the game type
hold up yes i'm gonna be flying
let me tell you that that be defining
what you gon be needing it's the fire
teaching you the language of beasts
[Music]
hold up yes i'm gonna do it every day
i'm shining high universal star
yes i'm gonna be sweet with the road
tootsie roll hold up what we doing yes
i'm playing footsie with the steps i'm
taking on the game guys i'm gonna tell
ya that i'm doing features off the top
my mind i'm inching creeping to another
level yes the fine i'm reaching through
the bars through the measures yes i'll
rule ya hold up i'm gonna get up through
the clue i can't never be clueless who's
this dude who gonna choose this yes he
gonna be rejoicing as he gonna spit his
choices yes i got my voices kind every
day isn't gonna be employing putting
work in time that they're gonna be just
loyal of the vibe all love what we do
enjoy it every day i'm going this [ __ ]
or something dripping in my style like
banana republic i'm gonna do it build
banana republic got hella potassium as
i'm gonna [ __ ] with the lyrics you know
like khan like k got potassium with the
lyrics that i say so elemental with the
flows i'm going to censure never need a
period periodically clever tell you what
you're needing every day you're going to
get the chemistry your flows i'm getting
blended in these beats in your mind i
got the mixture yes you're feeling
really sweet i do it every day yes
rejoice it gonna be dude who'll be
freeing you the textbook lines your best
look now i show you that i'm gonna shred
these lines and i'll hook you in cheese
on your face easily
it's been a while nice catching on this
live you the mankind peace yes this
fists a pound oh my god this kind who
gonna compound all the lyrics
interesting yes the graphs is looking
clear never wrote a paragraph got the
paragraphs looking green hold up let me
rap one more time every day i get my
craft in the lines you're gonna know i'm
logging in i flow like rap on the ocean
as i'm gonna be jogging in the lyrics
that i be swimming yes i'm gonna be
sported in the flow kind of sporting you
another drip style with the flow can't
do it every day i spit the flames kind
cooking up the line just i'm never gonna
need the kitchenaid i be granny count
the top and the stove and the heat that
i'm gonna produce gonna be a feast i
show you that i got the flow range
conduit got the aeio range high how we
doing never got to change live chat
gonna tell me i got the flames hot with
the pocket yes i'm cooking it real fast
in the microwave i'm spinning you the
heat i'm gonna wave
cook your mind with the flame's eye drop
in the comments yes it's hunter e
tonight tune into the lyrics yes i'm
eating the asus eid yes it's gonna be
holiday with the way you end the fast
yes i got to say that i'm feeling clever
with the raps and i logically though
you're in the measures that's the facts
that i'll be spitting your son do this
do it every
doing this if they be sleeping then i
speak it proudly loudly another time so
they could wake up and then find kind
live on their mind yes they gone go wild
i show you that i got the pronouns khan
tell your dad i got the pro vowels
do it so pronounced announce your lyrics
yes my bowels gonna be moving as i roll
as i shout
ah spit the gray son yes it's gonna be
elimination who gone people who be
stepping up to lyrics i say son i slay
sons yes i'm gonna raise them king khan
father on the mic as i say stuff that
you need to think another time on the
brink of living one more rhyme
[Music]
okay now you know that we moving
different i know that you're feeling
[Music]
on the lyrics id finding i've been the
definer of the rhyme that you're gonna
see compromises gonna be slowing down
count promises to be never stopping with
these hard freaks
show you that i do it get it clear
bumping through the global through both
hemispheres ah yes it gonna be the guy
who gone the word burst of the flames
out to east and the west turners can't
be the best turner of the pages i'm
gonna tell you that turner gonna be
airing me as i'm gonna be tv yes i'm
gonna get it whether in your television
khan is gonna likely rap yes i'm
sticking climbing swinging like it's
spiderman saving the day with all the
rap suspects ah show you that this red
attacks as i shoot you off the raps as
r2 carney gonna know the carnage that i
cause with the knowledge that the con
spits yes it's coming through with khan
age as i might say got the flames from
dude if yellow will be dollars tan i
show you that i got some lyrics for you
yes i'm feeling awesome yes i'm never
lost i'm gonna be chilling out in boston
giving you the flows hold up yes i go to
another level they telling improved
thank you homie
i've been putting in the time
plus loki i've been doing this type [ __ ]
since i was a little child
just not off top just got the lot of
lyrics memorized off the top of the
people
so i'm gonna do it yes i got a lot of
practice in delivery i'm getting quicker
with the mental tactics that i'm
delivering inside of my mind i'm gonna
be spitting it i'm pitted against the
people who can't think this [ __ ] it's
the kind
in this kind's mind
do it one time yes it's gonna be nitrous
oxide
as i'm gonna make it end twice oh they
be saying as i fly all the lyrics in my
mind yes i'm gonna try to show you that
you better rewind and think twice cause
i'm gonna blink my thoughts right up in
your eyes ah
show you that i get this lyrics yes
you're feeling better that your
incentive to just tune into the lyrics
is consensus that the dude is spitting
through all his consensus it be five you
know that i feel alive as i'm gonna
taste touch smell upon this rhyme khan
gonna bust phrases in his vibes yes i
see it clearly yes i'm gonna be punching
in the rhyme i'm feeling better in my
soul yes you don't know that i got my
head so exposed yes it's clever with the
flows hold up khan do it feeling so
diabolical
the guy who'll be watching all his
highlight reels real godly tonight with
the rhymes that you might see another
time rewind me it's never gonna be side
real what's a side reel yes i'm going to
reside here and find real thought says
i'm not don't know definitions but you
know i got the cider sit tipsy with the
lyrics that i'm going to find in inside
your mind cheers
ah
this b switch every 8 or 16 bars is
slightly
it's fire it's fire
teaching you the language of the scope
how we doing you know that i'm going to
spit the hit for you yes i'm going to
bite your soul got a gig a bit of the
storage kill
yes my legacy reveals that i'm spending
time in the moment of the wave that be
chilling through global energies that we
feeling every day as we test these beats
ah show you that i got the message
texted in the books that i'm gonna throw
take a look kind be so exposed inside
the lyrics suppose that he did it one
more time you know that i level up yo
khan yes i'm gonna praise up yes his
hands how i rap my
so i'm gonna give it to you in the five
two what is the five two is that 52 like
omega yes i let go echo of the flow i'm
going to test your test yeah what we
doing yes i'd find truth if you could
tell me mo about that five too like high
five dude maybe twice both hands up i
might show you dead i'm gonna throw love
off mine yes it's so parabolic yes it's
positive on negative side two kind
looking positive ethnologic [ __ ] every
day i be optimistic inside in the truth
i
show you that it's so exponential with
the next potential lyric that i'm going
to send you kind yes i'm getting so
essential with the lyrics that the nexus
inside of my central woe i show you that
that bus sue trip you all the lyrics
truth yes i be the mushroom flavorful i
got the proteins been a pro at me since
i was a teen he gonna never have beef no
meat shake up yes i led the deal just to
let this build just the bread and cheese
that i'm gonna grill yes it's gonna be
feast says i'm gonna wreck a bill khan
show you all the lyrics stack it still
every day it's a bill foundation grow it
till it's ill in the skies yes it's fly
high i say love about to step fine these
rhymes gonna happen clapping three times
he's fine divine define each time be
kind these five lines never gonna stop
nah i show you that i'm gonna find the
mic it needs mike tune into with five
fires as i'm gonna high five and fly
high and sky dive deep through the
ocean's wet flow yes the potions get
inside of your souls it's kid khan king
khan who it's it every day yes i'm gonna
do it truly sits in my mind every day
i'm paying tuition to be kind yes i'm
gonna be using intuition spending time
of the time thoughts yes i paid tuition
to just get graduated in the college
it's college it's ramen that i've been
just doing since the childish
rap these flows couple classics like
this gambino never gamble with the flow
yes i'll rap these soul you're gonna
know that that dual phase all the raps
grow i'm connecting the words lupe
fiasco loop these fiascos of the beat
i'm spitting and i do truly rap flows
that you're gonna be needing kind do it
every day i'm gonna rap you advanced
stances on the raps yes i'm sounding
like a chance rapping you what's
happening every day hey how we
in the rhymes and the soul and the
thoughts that gone grow yes i'm gonna
pour it right up in the flow whoa bend
this the lyrics yes i'm gonna be
kendrick with the energy and all the
voices that i send inside of your mind i
show you that that's safe flows yes you
know it's growing through j cole's soul
and truth that he spit too get the
blessed and the cadences from eminem ah
[ __ ]
[Music]
1996 on the truck
[Music]
[Music]
hold up yes i'm rapping you know that
tonight that the dude don't be spazzing
hold up let me catch you back you'll
know i'm gonna be baking you the lyrics
waking up to this smell it's bacon hold
up high you'll be feeling with the smell
on your mind's stink face cause i speak
it it's so well kind if we break with
the faster the
faster the fat flows that i'm going to
break right now on a break yes i'm
drumming off the tongue flunging you the
thoughts that i'm going to be spitting
yes you're going to be dumbing down to
the line never that we becoming i you
know that we be coming we we becoming us
when we be speaking you'll be coming
freeze hold up what we doing can't do it
yes i be coming these freeze gonna be
birthed every day you gonna see me be a
sea man i'm flowing through the ocean
throw your spin you sold the potion he
bends it's going to get up in your mind
and you know that the deep lead thoughts
in the mind gonna keep swelling to a
different type of level how we doing
know it's no time to die as imma say
these permanent thoughts on the hard
drive for your mind legacy going to find
kind always got the time to be spitting
clever freeze yes the amber freeze is
the fire yes december freeze yes it's
cold with the freeze i'm gonna show you
the fire and it's man who'll be spitting
climbing like spiderman i'm a spy all
the dirt man yes i see it clearly expose
you the truth man as i'm gonna speak
these save the days you know it's gonna
be getting ebbed in the flow every day
through your interwebs i go hold up i be
interweb the flows as i'm swimming
through the water that i'm spitting yes
it's evaporating cause he gonna say you
the flames in set the layers of the way
he gonna be playing
with the rhymes i know they're true
gonna fight me the rhymes i know that
you're gonna turn into the better phrase
hey how we doing punching in the class
so well to wait hold the con and as well
today i be feeling dope so i got a lot
of [ __ ] to say hey how we doing yes is
nice how i break our boxes i'm eating
all the rice yes it's gonna be carved in
the line carved in the line i know that
this fat with the lines just etch it yes
i'm going to write it yes it sketch it
in the way i'm painting you the picture
that i'm setting hold up
my man is rapping my man is snapping yes
he gonna go heavenly round your dome yes
it's gonna be
[Music]
in the circle g can't do it every day
i'm gonna crawl but i'm gonna win like a
turtle g but no quick as a rabbit and
i'm not thinking all this dumb [ __ ] like
why stop let me take a break after i run
this turtle can't keep up with me if
that rabbit was put in its place then
maybe he could determine to beat the
great hold up kind bouncing i'm gonna be
hopping yes i'm gonna be winning races
yes it's left and rides you know that
i'm gonna be breaking out my shell yes i
got a lot of time to run in it i show
you that i rap this flip you all the
flow the tactics i do every day yes the
tricks gymnastic
tell you that i'm gonna honor though
every day i'm spitting tricks upon upon
my host hold up bed uncon the horse that
they gonna win every race that he flows
whoa yes it's gonna be king kong grow to
a different love of gold on this con
throne oh i show you that i might steal
your mind gets to spend the time i'm a
volunteer in the stream he's going to be
sending you the free that i'm speaking
through the energy through the wires
just electricity
[Music]
i think we're repeating beats
[Music]
i think i think i think i
i think we repeat
in the beats now
i don't know but you know that we gonna
be feeling feeling different every day
you know it is the [ __ ] season yes
the dude is gonna be speaking yes you
know it's treason when the people
telling me i do not speak the meanest
type of fool you know the beat the
meaning hold the kind is gonna get it
and i tell ya that i do it every
we moving on to a beat playlist um
because i feel like we were repeating
definitely did a couple beats twice
old school 95.
hold up hold up yes i'm going to get it
wet
one second
[Music]
hold up hold up hold up you know that
i'm gonna do it every day i detect this
the kind of fire so eclectic cause i'm
gonna be sweet no dessert in the flow
hold up yes to be an eclair eclectic i
don't know i let it just trickle through
the line yes i do it so eat like trickle
i show you that i'm gonna send you all
the lyrics yes i'm gonna go with center
a different love of higher yes i'm never
suddenly show you who i be inside of the
love the finest what you're gonna need
every day a hundred rhymes is gone abuse
coming out of me and keeping rhyming
hold up you know that the flow emoji
yes i'm going to wear a hat like woody
damn so you need to be more in tune with
the memories of toy story to give your
bed to pause need to rewatch that [ __ ]
cause i know that was one of my
favorites when i was a little cub so let
me tell you that this [ __ ] are all the
things you want oh hold up yes i've been
ill every day is fresh with the water
distilled hold up this still photo of
the picture that i'm taking from the
flows you're going to witness time is
going to sell
all the lyrics that i sell in my mind
hold up inside of my cells ah show you
that i'm gonna see me get the lyrics yes
you know i'm gonna freak these beats yes
it's gonna be 18 tune into me beat it up
responsibly
[Music]
never salty no sunflower seed seed you
the truth but you know
that i'm gonna be cracking that as i'm
chilling watching something in my living
room and it's so dope i got this special
type of cup that has
sunflower seeds is a turkish staple you
know if you don't have sunflower seeds
you're doing something wrong
and right now i actually just ran out so
i'm doing something wrong
[Music]
all right all right all right all right
all right all right let me let me let me
let me tell ya that we feeling fine now
you know that i find out that i'm gonna
rhyme now and the people want mao oh ho
honest sound boy i know that it's never
gonna be slowing down yes it's gonna be
here we'll be doing this dope freestyle
off the heat z do it a to z be crazy yes
connect the letters like it's a z a he's
yes i'm going to be moving down the
drive room and down the drive yes the
light is going to get inside your soul
ah do it yes i said flames yes i'm never
going to give you a headache but my head
aches for another flow did the best say
hey how we feeling today got the energy
you need as i'm flowing through your
blood yes i bled you the medicine yes
i'm gonna medicate you with hymns that
i'm gonna say so angelic yes it's
heavenly with rings i'm gonna be spittin
headed beheaded it's been ahead of the
guys who gonna binge get the pen in
their head and they find time to revise
and the things that they want to say is
not coming now but i'm thinking lots
faster
got thoughts in the raps i'm gone bass
pattern and pattern scatter out to
saturn yes the particles gonna be inside
the articles that i'm writing yes i got
to go spit your other lyrics and the
free stuff hold up yeah you know that i
got a lot to do yes i'm gonna be
flavorful like turkish pizza hold up
actually wait that's la my june i'm
gonna tell ya that they'll do a cray yes
i'm gonna be seeing through your poke
your face hold up you know that i'm
under my thoughts every day spread my
wings like butterfly color lies every
day up on a canvas under my thoughts
inside my mind if you pop a toe knee see
your knee popping only he's going to
come through right now with the ten
dollars you know that i'm feeling
scholarly in head as i got the knowledge
in the college of the kid yes i'm gonna
be thinking yes it's optic medical what
we doing you know data flow rise
telling me it's gonna be your kind
showing you you know that i'm gonna earn
blessed thoughts as i know that your
girlfriend is coming through tuning in
listening to me the freeze that i'm
gonna speak to you easily you see that
i'm gonna speak you these flows hold up
yes she threw these words all right imma
use them in the next beat let this fade
out i'm gonna get a lot to see in my
mind as i'm gonna try to go in scheme
shout out to the people
g17 tune into the letters dropped so
cleverly in the level b
what type of beat
[Music]
hold up hold up hold up hold up hold
up we could we could we could do this
let me tell you that i blast a lot it's
outer space with the flow of being an
astronaut i'm gonna just show you that i
do it just the flow's our birth gonna be
orbiting the gravity of the earth i show
you that imma do it wrapped in icon
flowing you the pictures bouncing off
like satellite i be waving high how we
doing yes became the kind every day i
thought of another rhyme and i got to
tell you that i'm gonna go connected
like a spider web looking really crazy
in the circles in my head but you know
the circles going connect intrinsically
and spherically just globally inside my
mind i'm spinning in my text and you're
going to see me across the globe across
the nation i don't know but it's amazing
that we going connect up right here i
feel like astronauts i'm flying through
the spaces i'ma find wise through the
wi-fi through the cables inside of your
house i'm going to say hi to the people
chilling up to me i'm gonna be earthly
thermal with the core heat hold up what
we doing explore these thoughts i'm
quaking through the fire lava gonna be
going through the ocean paradise is
gonna be growing as i'm gonna take this
paradise i'm rolling and i'm finding out
that i'm living my life either way hold
up what we doing golden with the bars
that i'm thinking in my mind and you
know it's outer space with the orbit
that i try to be spitting you you know
that i'm gonna be getting in your mind
every day you speak these lyrical free
that you can see always be in the pieces
that i'm gonna be living and fly like in
the dark oh and the love you know the
dime sending the peace of every time
that don't go rhyme hold up you know i'm
spitting you all the lyrics get thermal
heat the mercury is gonna be dripping
off the way it's gonna explode up off
the bulb the ideas the flows that i be
getting oddly free inside of your soul
you see me obviously different with the
way i got the scripture godly with the
lyrics that i got a twister spinning
it's the storms of the brain hold up
tornay go do a dosey doll with the
lyrics that i say whether or not i be
spitting you the flows that gon drop i'm
never gonna let stop all the droplets
that i get hot on your mind fire drop
says it's gonna be freezing hellfire
[Music]
show ya that i'm doing this different
get into the liquid every day isn't
gonna be bumping through your mind never
gonna be chilling in solidarity people
don't come with me hold up it's
solidarity like stand one with the peace
going through tough times then i'm gonna
do that son hold up what we doing yes
i'm swimming yes i'm gonna be doing this
every day so i'm always gonna be living
yeah man dinner freestyles you know they
i'm gonna test the beat every day yes
i'm gonna be cooking it up you know that
i'm gonna be acing you the stuff that
you need and you know that i'm never
gonna be needing no [ __ ] little
recipe
ah
but it's gonna be a good time
[Music]
a little better every time so i'mma let
it rhyme up indicating it's never latin
in the pocket got a book pockets called
the pocket book you want this i show you
that i'm spitting you the illest rare
freeze kind killing wars like a military
now yes i'm gonna do a milligram now
it's gonna be kilograms killing you with
lyrics just the weight up on my shoulder
got the milliliters turned to gallons
every time i'm wrapping you my balance
upper tell ya what is up i don't know
what i'm going to say
like it's
that right i don't know yet yeah yes i'm
gonna spit this so intrinsic in my soul
and my memories just provoke you the
energy that you see when i let the free
drop in your mic i'm gonna do it every
day i'm spitting you the lyrics it's the
truest [ __ ] you're gonna be needing
every day i'm gonna see the lines gone
destroying the five and the three oh
that you know that i'll be getting so
clever every day yes i'm gonna tell you
that the flow forever yes you know that
i'm going to be getting all these beds
waked up they sleeping on the kid but
i'm going to bed you another thing you
needed in scripture yes i'm getting so
lyrically exposed in the way i'm going
to program you this code hold up rap be
the things that's in your nose off the
edge off the ledge the waterfall flows
yes it's gonna be stored in the icy type
of code freezing type of storage that
the dude is gonna flow like an amazon
inside the rivers that it's in your
stove hold up well you know that imma
get on your mind you're gonna see me get
it down yes i'm in the cloud right now
as i'm gonna be dripping you the
thoughts right now yes i'm gonna be
thinking got
a lot of different thoughts you're gonna
know that the kid is steady
do it twice yes i do it with
bilingualism i show you that i'm
multilingual with the lyrics bouncing
off the bank i'm gonna do the english
spinning you this [ __ ]
[Music]
hey how we doing yes i got the time to
show you that it ain't always about the
money no it ain't always about the
problems that you got with para i might
tell you that it's inside of your mind
then the para will come through yes you
got the time to be spending first before
you spend and earn cash that you think
you need and yes you need to clear the
cash of your reason and move on a
different way you're looking different
with the way you tune into the things
i'm gonna spit it
different everyday has fallen lines up
off my brain yes it's gonna be falling
autumn colorful the way that i'm going
through my drop yes i'm going through
the asphalt and i'm gonna tell ya that
i'm gonna spit you all the lyrics yes i
do move choose you to tune into the dude
you know that'll go to speaker well
every day is feeling lively at the realm
i tell you that i'm gonna let the thrill
take over as i'm going to spit the lyric
kill
hold up you know
[Music]
say d lyrics out to
[Music]
doors he'll be speaking your delirious
peeking right through all the mountain
is delivered that i'm driving dripping
like some fountain is you're gonna see
me so pronounce this and not make bend
hold the kind is gonna got this [ __ ] yes
the vows and now there's gonna be
getting in your mind the energy the
clever free the clever me for the levity
i'm going to see what you saw already g
keep it steady yes i'm going to tell you
that i'm going to keep it ready in my
mind i'ma show you the delay so in the
lines i'll be in the playoffs you know
that i'm gonna book it yes you're gonna
know i'm switching through the net i'm
gonna be brooklyn hold up get it pure
facts that i'm gonna do yes the weather
gonna be pure man like it's gonna be
kevin durant hold up endure him no you
can't you're gonna see these there is
you know that i'm gonna save these bars
and he killed it every time got the high
kdr hold up you know that i'm gonna get
it read free flowing out the mind giving
you the seminaries as i'm gonna go
disseminate the airing freeze they don't
spitting in the line
do you know they're the rap flows cover
up your soul yes i cover manholes i
don't even know what that means is that
pants bro imma move on yes i'm gonna had
to show you what you needed spitted it
should be different every day you see me
yes i'm cooking the lyrics kitchen going
to be stacked as i'm free yes it's
pottery as i mold you this free clay
gonna feel like a head mode explode in
your mind in the mind in my soul kind do
it just divine in the soul then i'm
spitting yes i'm growing vines in your
home hold up what we doing yes it's bald
and can't know as i'm gonna spit the
lava inside your dawn kind god another
rhyme i'm never gonna stop he just flex
your mind it's on your gps yes you
better step the con i'm gonna tell you
where you need to go
he just lets the lectures get inside
your mind so electrical yes i'll be
getting through the glow oh hold up
you're gonna say mo flows want more from
the dude yo what's that yo spit the
dagger in the line yes i'm stabbing in
the rap blood i show you that i'm going
doors getting it on your mind you know
i'm going to be blocking butchers hold
up from slicing all the grief i'm going
to be grilling off top with the lyrics
that are spitting whole cow cooked with
the way the dust that route shook in the
let me just show you that i'll be
amazing with the rat [ __ ] kind of gonna
get you deep you know it's quick like it
be sandpit that is gonna get you in i'm
sucking in it's going to be suction with
the weight i'm going to stick to
something in the function kid hold up
now
go go up now just the rope threaded in
the dope stuff that that tie threaded in
the lyrics never edits yes it's never
cosmetic said it's any methods yes you
get into the metrics yes statistics
going ballistic as he be spitting you
the lyrics yes and in the sense there's
no resistance i'll be feeling as i'm
gonna conduct you all the scripture hold
up can't do it and you know what spit
the mean addictive type addiction yes
i'm going to be nicotine as i'm going
but never be nickel diamond other people
do it every day i'm going to be
[Music]
timing winning all of these races uh
[Music]
infinite with the phrases
[Music]
are we doing it
how are we doing
what
that
that b has the craziest bounce
oh man
we don't want to stop we don't want to
slow it that far down
a little
oh damn it's already night
you know that we're feeling really fine
now
let me tell you that i'm spitting harder
pick another pocket yes i'm dishing tiki
taka yes i'm going to try like the
angles yes i'm going to pick another
pocket hold up let me pass you what's
going to be swishing as you're going to
be kicking off the dot get it and it's
swinging hold up what we doing gonna get
it yes you're gonna be heading off the
head and hold up what we said inside the
flow
what we said inside the locker room
go in there and go
get up when they kick it through the
center door what you need to do so i'm
going to knock it in yes i'm going to
get through hold up all right let me get
it bye yes it's sticky taco yes you're
kicking all the fly flows tonight you're
gonna know that it's true to me
addictive with it yes you know i already
said nicotine ah do it just to choose
flames every day cook it up taco tuesday
got the true says ah what we doing you
know that i better flex again i'm going
to fast food this feasting quick on the
floor used to know that i'm going to be
eating mexican
2020 hindsight yes i should have did a
little better but you know i'm going to
fiddle you're the little letters like
i'm fitting in this instance i forgot to
extinguish other people stepping up to
all the fire that are spitting i show
you there to tell you dimitri od saying
hella how we doing hella fresh flows yes
you know we cooking on time periodic
central another one another meal yes
it's gonna be hello fresh hold
up let me tell you that i spit these
clothes no it's not wednesday it's the
dude who be spitting on a random tuesday
bro yes he laughing oh hold up what we
doing
you know that i'm gonna spit you floss
hold up guys
in my mind yes i'm in the mirror room
always seeing me confined in the
confines everywhere be kind looking like
some comic con or con con i know that
this comical hakan is used in a lot of
words my god kind going to concentrate
on lyrics got the kind template around
content play the thought in the khan ah
show your data spit it every day i'm
gonna get it right up in the scripture
of my mind no hypocrisy imma pop to
defeat truth every time i speak up
show you that you're gonna scout with
this rewind the kids that has got the
power strip connected yes i got a lot of
outlets yes i'm plugged in charged with
the way i'm rocking yes i got the camera
got the laptop got the monitor got a lot
of different [ __ ] in the way i got a
pure setup that gonna get in your mind
yes i'm gonna spit it till yes i do
define what you need
[Music]
gonna wear a real crown now
[Music]
yes you know i'm gonna wrap this in
inside your mind kill it once no
accident yes i'm gonna do it
pre-meditated meditated on the flow yes
i'm gonna do it greater i'm cheesing
smile yes the reason is cause i be
feeling really wild cause they tune into
the way they're gonna be speaking loud
off the top my mind volume knob and
stepping
i'm feeling so proud got flows for you
yes i'm cracking it up like some popcorn
and you know you're gonna do these
lyrics it be frame by frame as i aim
these flames tell you yes you're sitting
at a movie every day i do me who
yes you're gonna see me yes to find the
raps that the breathe hold the floors
coming up from chipping at you like some
dory toes dosey doe on the flavor bro
toe to toe with the way you try angles
in your mind and you know the delay mo
cheese like doritos on your smiles hold
up kind showing you that i rap this [ __ ]
telling you i'm never fake never
mannequin but man i feel akin to the
beat when i switch of the things that
you need and it's gonna be five times
high five quinn tuple this double up
five times and the width of the spit
kind do it yes i become the guy who
gonna become the guy that you want and
on your mind i show you
[Music]
that i got this in took a breath left
you right there with no oxygen
breathless every text that the kids spit
gonna be expensive and expensive get to
thermo energy's exothermic let it be
growing just the heat inside my soul oh
[ __ ] flowing yes it's going to be
volcanoes as the volume now the kind
gonna tick up inside of your souls it's
stuff that i'm gonna go expose in the
compositions that i take in your blood
kind do it in your thoughts now conduit
never gonna stop now calm moving all the
way to the [ __ ] top now i'm gonna
show you that i bang a tone sing a troll
[Music]
[Music]
your kindness gonna be dunking but you
know they don't wanna keep it so
fundamental fun and dismantle i tell you
that you have a phone feels essential
hold up you know that i'm gonna wrap you
up the great decoy people never feeling
coy yes i spit this insanity kind in the
same thoughts inside of my mind like
soft as i'm gonna be through the
play-offs can't do it every day i'm
gonna rap you this kid yes i'm winning
rings throughout the championships i'm
stamping this here yes i'm rapping they
inclined to just ink lines i'm just
gonna spin my
think rounds i'ma show you that i'm
gonna switch it this time gonna be
feeling different you'll know that it's
each time every day i spit it just you
know
hey how we doing i don't know what that
is but past the cast how you master mass
that i'm spitting got the weight through
the global spinning got to gravitate
pull your image closer
[Music]
this is a random tuesday freestyle so
you know i'm just
it's gonna go until it ain't feeling
right
you know you know
[Music]
but right now you know that we feeling
really fine and not mine show you the
feeling really
[Music]
[Music]
i'm gonna spit you yes you know that the
soul fulfilling and your soul will give
you a reason to click upon it every day
y'all got the picture just depicted
spit you out the highest [ __ ] you know
it gonna be chronic as i'm gonna spit
you what you needing can i say what he
got to say like andre on the rhyme and
you know it's dr dre on the feed and i
might just say what you need but right
now it's chance the rapper type beat
shouts out to core day cutting chords eh
every time i spit the wireless flow say
what you got to say but the kind yes you
don't say got the rhymes for your mind
every day the flow spray hold up you
know that i'm going to let go facts and
just give you in the soul of the get-go
raps i don't know what that mean but i'm
not gonna let go facts always grip upon
the things i'm gonna get intact in the
reason in the logic that i'm thinking on
the brink of giving you the lyrics yes
it is the season of the kind you and
presence are the gifted that just
lifting all your minds yes it's feeling
better yes it's shifted like a stretch
up
[Music]
how we doing you know that i'm going to
guides to demand all the people that
saying constant the man gonna be bopping
in the land yes you know what's gonna do
tempt me to just send love at the b f z
yes you know i'm gonna left it killed
from a to z add b and c's two yes i
see's truth every day the opportunities
make you say oh i got to be live that
i'm gonna go through your ip and then
fix it up i t got the it factor yes i do
define me hold up kind of land your hand
yes i'm gonna do it till the end
[Music]
you know that i'm cooking
to another leather now yes i get it
styled you know that i'm gonna do it yes
it's like this now yes i'm gonna slice
it up i'm gonna be healthy with the
greens that they're making every day
don't tempt me imma just show you that i
be saying fly flows hold your shots off
already bro i'm gonna borrow you every
deal yes i'm gonna tell you what you
feel i tell you that don't gonna expel
the real thoughts up to my mind
presently here yes i'm gonna speak the
lyrics yes you tap me here so i'm gonna
get it sealed with the truth yes i'm
gonna present you with the gift the type
of thoughts and the measures that i be
feeling shots are too bad dear yes i'm
gonna do it every day i got free
thoughts in my mind
[Music]
yes i'm going to rock you with raps
through my soulcon do it yes i'm gonna
spit you the facts now uh show you that
to spit me six one three times out to
big d
feeling it tonight i got 21 lies i won't
go on this [ __ ] ride
showing you i'm gonna go the raps flow
gonna get the energy collected like a
solar panel it's my soul and i'm gonna
pander
never pander to the people telling me
that i'm not gonna ponder all the truth
that they gonna need through the
thoughts up in my me saying mama me yeah
i already knew what i needed to do i'm
gonna be kind
hold up what is this is it something
that you need i don't know but they
jumping bump into these freezes hold up
avoid doing coming to be me yes you know
it's going to be something to believe
ah
release your all this energy please
going to be the free and standard free
to another love what kind is going to
get it believe that the dude going to
give you relief hold up now spit the
deep breeze through the forestry poetry
gonna fall down that's a relief on the
ground now yes i see these trees this
truth i'm gonna be teaching you that you
should beat you
instead of all the [ __ ] that they
telling you
yes or no i'm gonna take the trigger
pull it hold up what we doing put you in
a stretcher oh [ __ ] kind give your
medicine tonight yes you need to unlearn
all the things they gonna speak lies
done burned in your mouth since a child
just to go earn another truth inside of
your soul keep turning for the logic yes
you know i got the options thinking
about the kind of type of thoughts i'm
gonna be rocking hold up every day
you're gonna get the [ __ ] flow said
you another rhyme i'm in my [ __ ]
homestead oh hold up yes i'm gonna be
seeing some different everyday i'm never
number two no helium i be high top spots
if some gin getting high yes
[Music]
you know that i'm gonna put them in they
slumber son they'd be sleeping on the
rhymes i spit honestly khan got it quick
off the top my g promise this never
gonna stop in this this i'm up the top
and this i'll be chopping it's kid i'm
gonna dunk it on your head
[Music]
clothes
flowing through the cables every day you
know i activated i enabled under the
thoughts up in my mind you know it is
the stable flows is going to be rocking
at the same time but believe the dude is
gonna be seeping to a deeper level with
the reason even different type of things
is gonna be believing
ah what we doing high how are we doing i
gonna spit the true rhyme never true and
i'm
[Music]
don't square up to me i'll spit it
quicker than einstein i might rhyme
a couple more rhymes high with the speed
and its meth with the trees and this
[ __ ] that they do
i don't know why that's treason but
[Music]
if you think of your mind as a country
with a system so politically destroying
your
through the whole mind
i go let me move on to the next be my
bro
let me tell you that we're gonna be
feeling really right
you didn't
show you that you're gonna tune into the
lyrics i'm around
[Music]
broke out the cubicle i'm not so
suitable for that type of move mid
everyday i'm gonna be mid fresh psy go
great santa tell ya that i do it yes i
truly show you that i knock it down all
the time like it's caruso putting
pressure on the flow con driving yes i'm
going to be in my car and so i'll be on
to another one and i'm going to be
feeling high in this way with the rhymes
that i sway in your mind fade away yes
i'm pulling up picking all the lyrics
that be rolling through your blood
show you that you cannot lock down you
know that i'm knocking down balls lines
out how do i show you that i spit my
mind this [ __ ] yes i'm gonna switch a
situation i show you that i'm gonna say
stuff that expand the way you think
another great love that you're feeling
when you're thinking about the stuff
that they do hold up yes i had to have a
handle on the raps it's gonna be
happening yes you know i'm in the lane
i'm cracking ankles yes
[Music]
and you know i'm going to step back off
the bank dude swishing you the english
spinning off the top my mind i do
linguistics and i do it vicious hold up
what we doing yes i say your great kind
do it flows rhymes and the soul always
gonna be affiliate side show you how i'm
gonna connect the files of the great
mind just the storage of the cons mine
gonna be on your hard drive as i got my
flows never clashing with the thoughts
inside my soul yes i'm having all these
passionate thoughts inside the flow
every day i'm grasping it thoughts is
gonna go but i'm gonna got to go inside
the moment oh my god it's doper as i got
the time to get into my focus hold up a
wiggle when
and i'm gonna be predicting i'll be
great like the mayan but you know i'm
also in an altered state of mind as i'm
gonna take all these turns of my mind
and the line gonna be the pages that
they see read between and every day to
deserve you the ace hey how we doing yes
your face so defaced hey what we doing
yes i'm gonna say you what you say is
gonna slay the speed i'm gonna get up in
your states yes i'm on my drive cruising
through the interstates yes i'm gonna
show you that i get it yes i take a
taste of the flows it's never gonna go
to waste i'll be cooking you the flavor
got the recipe to be great it's never
gonna be the time that i'm leaving on
the granite side i'll be picking off all
the crumbs as i gonna let my tongue just
take another breath that's inside of my
lung i'm showing you that i'm gonna
stair lines yes i'm stepping to the fly
lines like the rare guy who'll be doing
this you know i take blood in your
airlines i'm going to be airing on your
lines on your phones got a hotline call
your mind with the lyrical lines and i
tell you that the dude is never simply
into anyone but the flows aren't
spitting never skimping never nickel
diamond i'm gonna be giving
[Music]
all right we got a couple more you got
one or two more beats people appreciate
y'all tuning in to enter into me
yes you know 9 13 was like what that was
gonna think and it kind of feels right
cuz i'm gonna go and spit you know that
i'm gonna tell you all the flow
associations yes you know it is going to
be nfa national flow association i must
say what you need to con spitting you a
rhyme hold up yes i'm focused on the
lyrics that i'm gonna flower bloom how a
dude doing this better than the dude who
gone tower over build the foundation of
the movement as i found greatness yes
i'm gonna be grooving with the way i'm
giving you the truest type of [ __ ] i'm
thinking you know that i'm never gonna
skip bars can't connect upon it through
your sim card hold up what we do and now
i'm gonna give lines in my mind if
[Music]
hold up this is the vibe we want
[Music]
this this this this the vibe we want now
it's a different type of
let me tell you that i'm gonna be
spitting you the lyrics through your
wickets yes i'm megan yes i'm kicking
hold of both of you and kind of gonna be
winning it the 11 times you know i'm
playing yes it's gonna be wicked out
show you that i'm gonna go through the
pro in the vibe con do it every day your
surprise through the lines as i
prioritize all the lines order kind and
you're getting what you want always on
the [ __ ] time i
tell ya that i'm cooking in it crazy how
i'm thinking books inside my intuition
hold up [ __ ] it up twice got to tell you
all my frees every day your birthday
quickly polyamory
whoa yes i'm gonna be spreading viral
khan is gonna be getting really clevy
with the vinyl spinning you the lyrics
at the top spot you know like the dart
i'm gonna take a shot hit the targot i'm
shopping for a rhyme i'm flicking
kicking you a lyric sickness i be so
inflicting yes you know causing conflict
in the conflictions of the rhymes that
the rhyme and the inflection not be in
flexes hold up yes the bin lesson khan
is gonna do it yes i'll bend texture
through the lines you know that i'm
gonna do it so fine i move every time
you're
is perfect with the lyrics no dystopia
imma diss all the people stepping up no
i'm never gonna stop hold up yes i got a
lot other flows i rap they hated cause
the duty rapping so anticipated with the
lyrics never needed to be right at first
you know that i'm taking opportunities
tune it and i tie you the lyrics yes i'm
steady with the lyrics yes believe i'm
gonna seize all the opportunities he's
gonna be teaching you the lyrics that he
sees yesterday is gonna be his
responsibility he do it yes i'm in
in this ability i'd be getting the
vicious free i'll be getting the liquid
free i'll be telling you [ __ ] but y'all
be killing the licorice
these are potential you'd i got the time
you know i spit it up poly rhythm i
breathe the gobblegum
the rhymes in sadly i do know that i'll
be just getting timing different inside
all of the rhythms yes it's going to be
polly hold up what we doing you know
that i'm going to be getting the [ __ ]
lighting side of the vibe hold up what
we doing word you're greater those you
know the movie we be watching terminated
yes it's ended but we already been sleep
that always happens yes enough i'm going
to been teaching you that we feeling
different when i flow the fly lyrics in
your mind kinda gonna know what's high
everyday the feeling in your mind and
joy i will paint a picture in your mind
the polaroid whoa hold up i'm gonna wrap
toys that i'm gonna play will get
through all your androids i show y'all
and your iphones fly zones and divine
poems
yo just this this beat is a teaser for
something in the future
i have something dope with that one
are we gonna do something slow
to close out
this seems appropriate
hold up yes i'm going to speak my mind
showing you that we be keeping on the
lies as the stream is ending now
[Music]
exactly what i was gonna hope for in the
rapture you're gonna want kind of
explore inside the rhymes you're
spitting got the poly rhythms
[Music]
never crab they be trash never cab i'll
be spitting you're the lyrics captain
that's a fact of the [ __ ] i'm with the
championships you know that don't flow
and fly papa tony asking fo over time
i'll be saying why not
you know that a spit you're all the
lyrics you know that it's gonna be
thanksgiving in it crazy so if the fans
want a little mo and they gonna show
support then i'm gonna go give you more
every day i flow they be coming through
they be saying through your cold oh no
let me do it mo cause i'm feeling dope
too oh no
getting through all the lyrics you know
that i'll be seeing mo everyday the real
estate is gonna be real tour hold up and
you know that i'm gonna be selling land
inside my mind yes i get expanded and
i'm gonna shake up with people who don't
know that he be the dude he's spitting
you delirious you needing keep it up
[Music]
[Music]
jumping
[Music]
zero kelvin on the line got you
energized heat it up so high blowing up
i got the solar energy tonight sunshine
i'll be ray king kind giving you the
things you need but you know that i'm
freezing in my soul cold with the way
i'm spitting you the dope flow leave you
still like a zero kelvin yes your adam's
stuck as i'm gonna wrap your stuff that
gonna happen through your blood
think about a little bit of rhymes that
the dude is spitting yes i'm going to
ink another one and i'll show ya
then i'm spitting you the love is there
a typical lifetime it's wednesday night
at 6 00 pm
but it's like holiday season
and
i'm going on vacation and thanksgiving
and christmas and december and all that
um
[Music]
so yeah
is the last one till next week
definitely we'll have something on
wednesday next week
today's tuesday
but you know this tuesday this tuesday
session has been fired so you know i'll
always
we'll see you know tuesday night maybe
we can always oh [ __ ]
[Music]
papa tony is is one of the wildest
people that i know because he always
comes through with the love we got at
least three mo
beats in the line hold up
hold up hold up then i gotta i gotta
wha what are we doing let me let me find
beats with y'all then let's let's listen
to it until the beat hits
god it's on the first three
um let's try this one
[Music]
i need to hit quick
oh this beat is literally called cons
like c-o-n-s i have to give it a try
110 subscribers
how do you know that way
moving and you got the energy nah yes
it's 12 i see
on the line
yes it's gonna be good night shots at
coy cooper yes i'm gonna do rhymes and
enjoy oola what we doing you know that
i'm gonna switch up all the legends
dairy flows you know that i getting
exposed con do it hold up you know that
i sell it crazy how i'm gonna get so
tech on it like it's tesla i touched you
i might be dropping hold up
hold up hold up hold up hold up i want
to make sure the beat has been
has went through the appropriate
filters
i wasn't feeling it
shouts out to the people chillin
there's just like something about
the sound
[Music]
it needs to needs to needs
here we are
[Music]
yo yo yo yo just remember to hit the
like button yes you better do that homie
hold up what we doing yes i rap you the
flows you know that i got these freeze
on the road like a sashimi hold up dude
is raw with the way i got still yes
you're feeling nice yes you know i roll
the rice up yes i'm gonna be getting
through the cargo hydrate hydrate on the
lines that this big fat through the lip
it's crazy every day i'm spitting you
the lyrics getting crazy through your
brains you know that i'm gonna get the
brazen yes i'm gonna bruise it yes i'm
gonna be choosing you the lyrics rudest
guy who'll be doing this who might not
all right you know dead i'm gonna get it
into embers send it in the memories you
best remember that the dude got the
clever energy and i'ma rap y'all not the
[ __ ] rhyme on my drive through your
ass fault hey how we doing running as i
fall khan got the right form on this
lane k worth doing you know did i say
you things you need hey how we doing yes
i'm gonna do this done that another
rhyme what we doing yes i'm gonna love
that you know that i got flows free
hunter e taking love back at you out to
papa tony i show y'all that i'm getting
to it yes i'm getting to the movement
every day i'm going to freestyle
fellowship yes you know that should be
wild hold up i didn't even read my god
super chat i be acting wild you know
that you're gonna tell me that them
killing me appreciate you much love
everyone peace and bumps in the room oh
you know that i get to those you know
that i'm gonna
do get the fellow [ __ ] every day as i'm
learning how to be the fellow wearing
rings when i'm gonna be winning ships
yes it's gonna be championship that i'm
going to be winning every day the
competition going to be me only obvious
beating you the free shots of freestyle
fellowship for inspiring that thing that
i just said in the lines as i sing it
he's
i'll be equal to the people yes you know
i'm going to spit the sequel no
deceiving you telling you're the
truthful nor the dude i'm going to do it
every day i let the rap spin in the
lines ancient old school fossilized with
the rock that dimension sketching
looking so jurassic uh show you that
i'mma curve the guys who'll be sending
me the early hate this is early frost as
i freeze lines cold shoulders boulders
waited on the eyes that i say hang like
a chain goal with the bars inside my
mind hold up digging on the guy i show
you that i'm tripping with the fires now
peter knows that i'm leopard with the
spots nah spot it yes i tell you that
it's
texture that i write now yes the
elected type of style yes the
presidential type of rounds
[Music]
yes you know i'm gonna tell you it's
essential hold up con showing you i got
time to just load the lyrics that i find
hold up you know that i do this every
day i got them thoughts up in my brain
yes this is beat number two and b number
three gonna come up next my g and you
know that the moon the bump flex is c
what they do you know that i get a line
after line time after time they
petrified cause they scared of the
rhines that be rare and i i be so
monstrous with the conscious type of
style ah through it so competent with
minds got the potential to got
components of these rhymes i show y'all
that i do this you know who is doo doo
skew this is going to be so divine as a
be the god who gonna speak your rhymes
you need to now hold the birth
cold yes i'm gonna surrender
to the hate to the love i'll be
[Music]
what we doing sticking like the naval
spirit yes i'm gonna tell you that i'm
gonna do it through the cable steering
yes i'm gonna go experience the greatest
things that i'm gonna see
yes i fly y'all every day i'm cleaning
up your [ __ ] lights all ah show you
that is so chemical feel the medical
with the central troll but i'm going to
get to you very good so sounds hold up
yes i do with throw out loud everyday
kind spitting yes i'm going to be
engineering as my engineering as i'm
gonna tell you that i'm gonna be getting
kicking your mind you know that i'm
pumping like some pistons i'll just show
you that i say what i say and you know
that i got potential hunting with it
like i'm cada show ya that i'm stunning
with it yes i say what you need and yes
i'm bumping your surprise and play press
and play hey how we doing say what you
got to say yes i'm going to spit the
lyrics yes the rare effects yes i'm
going to get better yes i'm going to do
this earning jamie grants i got the
knowledge of the way i'm spitting yes
you know i'm gonna be number one option
with the vision i show you never
disingenuous
damn did that wrong what we doing yes
i'm gonna blend you this can't do it
truly never gonna be disingenuous khan
you know that i'm gonna sing your weight
that i'm gonna be the great dude sending
it be he who'll be killing all these
beats villainously freeze you the flows
that be fire yes i'm viciously move
through the line as i'm gonna split the
flame for you bump across your wall yes
i'm going to ricochet yes i'm going to
be playing through the lines kind of
spitting you the lyrics greater and
tonight i'ma cross your mind i'm going
to switch up a 9 like with us tonight
internet now internet found out kinda
gonna bring the best out
show y'all that i'm gonna be tested so
invested in the times that they're
spending hold the kind do it live never
pending i'm showing you the rhymes be
your pending
what you need and do you remember me i
don't know me go gee when you showed me
that freestyle that you did about spacex
and jews
oh [ __ ] shouts out to you i do
yes you know i'm gonna spit another flow
give your truth lots of omegle videos on
my hard drive that i didn't produce
maybe some other time bro but you know
they don't spit in you the flows
everyday exposed you my soul oh no kind
gon spit for sure
and i do it times fo
sho
i got four shows lined up as i can
afford to
spend y'all the lyrics
code shows theirs i never leave it
never burning bridges fire
off the rock and i know i cause hell
fire
the skulls on fire no ghost rider ghost
left
[Music]
whoa what we doing you know that our
goal rap for you every day is heat like
the stove man yes it's cold man shots
are cold man that we do ruby
what we do but you know that i'm at my
locus yes i better focus at the center
yes i'm going to know this kind do it
every day i'm going to be provoking
mines to be tuning in you know i'm going
to be evoking fire this the last beat
unless someone comes through with the 20
i done move hold of no with another yeah
20 30 doesn't really matter i'm just
gonna do it every day i'm earning fatter
if you want the overtime they just send
you what you want and i know i'm gonna
center different highs either way i'm
gonna be sending you this fire it's
extending you the tiles on a roll with
the lines kind of on this drive now on
your hard drive now it's steering you
experiences i'm a coding crypto style
and you're so kind so free as he got
these beats you know that i find my
route can't do it every day yes i got to
show you that i'm going to be making all
these rendezvous with all the flows that
the spirit you're surrounding round
their mind i know that i be
pound-for-pound the guy who just found a
rhyme you know i'm on my route pound
never interesting imma stack up you the
rhymes racks up wraps up every day yes i
make contact stuff with the stuff i say
i
show you that i signed the contracts you
know that i'm gonna do it every day the
con facts that i'm gonna spit copy all
the words inside the different flow that
the thinking the rhythm that i see
that's the process my g all other
letters gonna be interlaced as i'm gonna
be intercepting trees that just race
through my mind and i keep pace with all
the greater type styles that are gonna
leave your face with the black type
smile hold up live type rhymes gonna
find out how i don't know i'm gonna get
it greater through your nations yes i'm
gonna do it bertha yes insemination
every time i'm spitting you another flow
he be the guy who gone free stuff yes
i'm saying andromeda but i don't know
what that is so joel c can you define
that inside the comment so i can wrap it
hold up what we doing you know that we
bumping you up another flow you're gonna
know we're gonna be the doo-doo gonna
choose another lucid dream living you
with the lyrics just the juice that the
speed go through the world hold up you
know that this r.i.p find a lean line in
your mind kind gonna speak my fi every
day it's just four times high five just
throw one more then it's five i tell you
that that's high five hellfire sky dives
in your mind as i let my mind drop and i
know that the rapping me every day is
universal and i'm through the galaxy
with the units of my verses yes it's
through the energy that i'm feeling so
dispersed the way i scatter you these
me's hey how we doing wave high isolated
in the oscillations of the signs in my
mind hold up now they gon come through
and co-sign the khan's rhymes i might
break out the confines tonight of my try
to tell you that you might like tune
into the lyrics that going in light your
mind i'm in light with shine
shouts out to the people chilling that
guy is the last thing
of the stream
let me know you smack it i love
y'all let me say peace to the dude joel
c
and r2 carnegie
mp
and hunter e
damn everyone's
name ends with e
shouts out your dog don't know sit
i did your words i think
if i didn't sorry my bro you're quick
tune into the live you click and i i can
forever thank you it's
the best feeling is i'm going to try to
read this it's hb4 up
or maybe something else like the lattice
and i'm going to be top wrong as i'm
going to zig zagger another round point
up through the arrow
pull and make you shiver cold with
freezing deliver
you the flows inside the river so you're
blowing dome hold up blow your dome
explode woke high
showing you i'm ripping you the honest
free
damn this beat is feeling like some
mythology godly with the wise freeze
all right guys appreciate y'all man um
this was fun i did not expect this to be
a two-hour session
at all but we got to two hours
um
and it's been a crazy two hour man i've
been
appreciate y'all man coming through i
don't know this was this this one felt
good man this one felt good
y'all for tuning in
we'll catch you next time next week come
through to the discord it's in the
description
and this scripture
gonna end
peace