all right
what's good
youtube
how we feeling how we feeling
you know that i'm gonna be realer
every day i'm going to kill you
with the lyrics that dispel you
what we do when you know that i'm going
to say this kind sending love and all
amazement i'm going to be seeing when
there's 13 likes already and i didn't
even start yeah shout out to the people
living really smart with the dual cause
the spark of the arc right inside of the
tune and i know they're not spitting you
the flow that you're gonna need right up
in the zone how you been flow cab got
the volcab in the flow reps and i know
that you know that so let me go and just
expose off the cap off the hat with the
rest at the duel that's a fact kind
sending love to the dual flo cab every
time that the rhyme i know that mr funk
gonna groove with the way that i reflect
the tune to you and i see all the lyrics
yes i feel so mighty strike thee with
the light that i'm gonna find in the
room you know that i'm seeing john
madden in the line and i know i got to
try to tell you that i'm fine with the
rhyme and i got love to the duel yes he
chilling it be mike every day he bump in
the club what you like it's another
rhyme and i'm gonna give you what you
want ah is it lagging hold up what we
doing
yo yo what they do you know that i'm
spitting you the liquid type of tunes yo
is the stream going or no
[Music]
what's going on what's going on
let me tell you that i got time to show
you all the hot rhymes one second
i think we should be good right now tell
me what is good
[Music]
damn you know that imma just be hold up
one second one second guys
the stream
[Music]
one second
[Music]
yo yo yo yo yo yo are we good right now
youtube do you see my rhymes on the line
are we cheating i just reset it
just reset it are we good let me know in
the chat if you're hearing your dude
let's see you know dead i'm gonna let
free you know that i get the breeze yes
i got the steez every day you have been
in the freeze gonna be spitting in the
room every time i be achieving the
things that you wish don't see in the
room every day it's exquisitely
maintained the lyrics i say every day
you know your mind steadily blows away
kind gonna tell you that i'm spitting
you the rhymes i see all the lyrics that
you want to find on your mind every time
i try to give you the vibe and you know
it's intertwined with the lyrics you
know that i'm lagging still hold up guys
i do not know what's happening with the
internet so one second
one second people
[Music]
see what we doing
yo yo yo yo yo
um
i might need to just start a new session
we're gonna need to
reset or something
unless it's working
i don't think it's working
[Music]
let me tell you that i got time
to give you all the hot rhymes maybe if
i just lower the quality or something
let's try that
i don't know i don't know but i'm going
to show you that i got the time to just
get your other flow through is this
better is this better i don't know but
i'm going to be spitting you the lyrical
the dope things i'm going inside my mind
i guess i'll just go glitchy or not i'm
gonna be spitting all the lyrical truth
up in my mind yes i'm giving you
everything you're gonna be needing every
time i'm gonna think of a tone i'm
sinking into tones in
[Music]
what we doing you know that i'm gonna
have the great dog [ __ ] you know they
did saying that it's okay at the moment
atm's gonna dispense all the time that
the spent on the lyrics is expensive
with rhymes now kind telling you i got
the seconds blended right up in the
lines i had my soul i'm going to land it
what we doing you know that i'm going to
say roll you know that we need to go up
in the way we detect flows hold up yes
i'm going to go get inside your mind
with the grey flow what we doing gold
music on the bumping inside the line yes
it's creamy flavorful they're gonna be
hummus spit art every day you know that
i'm gonna kick start all your brains to
just listen to the quick art i'ma say
let me show you that i see your head
every day i'm tasting kinda like the
pita bread at peter in shout outs i
skokie homie yes you're gonna know i've
been living in my mind thinking about
the way we maintain sky with the way
that the rocket in your brain i know
that i'm sky high every day i'm going to
move all the electrons electrons so
electronic with iconic rhymes i know
that i'm gonna fry it right up in your
minds i see that i'm gonna speak every
day i'm gonna eat it for lunch me yes
the bees gonna have a hunch imma spit it
yes i'm gonna dunk on your mind whoa
what we doing yes i'm gonna spit the
funk and i find troll fees as i'm gonna
spit the tropes on the beats what we
doing interloping yes i'm roping freeze
right up in the line just you gonna know
it's me one and only he who just [ __ ] a
iconic chronicles khan gets you high as
chronic when he holds the line uh
how we doing how we doing
[Music]
showing you the things you're going to
be needing
where we where we at though
[Music]
where we where we at though
is the chat refreshed i don't know let
me do it
[Music]
all right there we are there we are
there we are let me do it
what are we doing you know that i'm
gonna rap this car never gonna be
anti-climactic i'm gonna climb my
tactics right up in your [ __ ] mind
and i
take the power in my mind that i will
all the lyrics sweet and sour with the
way i rather rhythm i might show you all
the motions through the internet
emotions in your head when i do dispense
these flows so refreshed with the way
you're blessed you're the lesser text up
in the line you know that i say hi move
it groovy choosing to be rudest with the
lyrics through it yes i'm never gonna be
true it always on time con rhymes gonna
got on your mind here we go with the
fire
seven times all the lyrics you'd expect
and i know that i'm moving yes it's 2a7
yes i'm gonna be checkmating with the
check flavor in your mind i see
what we doing get so elected with the
votes i'm going to be setting when i
connect on beats lost connection for a
minute but you know i do it spit it in
your mind you know i do it just peruse
it in my mind it's never dry it's gonna
be wet yes the dunes gonna be rivers
every time i get the wet flow yes
delivered in your mind walking through
the space of the lines that they say
every time can't keep pace with the guy
i race in the lines and i make you sway
with the way that you're blown away they
gon be clapping three times at the time
and i'm laughing all these guys who be
thinking they got fat the type of rhymes
nah khan do it yes it gonna be his muse
tell you that you're lyrically gonna be
amused hold up yes i'm gonna elude the
hate they gonna spew hold up what they
do i got the truth only you know that
i'm gonna spew stories got a rap for ya
yes you see khan got the hologram for ya
yes i resurrect the picture in your mind
right in front of your eyes every day
with the improvised lines been a pro
with the way i'm going to spit the flow
supervise a beat every time i'm
improvising flows what we doing you know
that i got the toddlers grown up with
the way i write the story novels in your
mind yes it's gonna raise shine king
kong gonna rain all the things in his
mind brain gonna get away different with
the way you're thinking about the energy
then i'm gifting yes the blissful
feeling when you gonna listen to i'm
feeling all the lyrics that he's
spilling gonna get inside a different
type of lyric yes the highlights always
gonna leave you so really realist with
the [ __ ]
[Music]
you know that i'm going to sneeze
sickness in your mind yes i'm going to
squeeze with the quickness you leave
your breathless with the way you send
the text inside your brain and all the
sentence going to be a lesson main whoa
learn from khan burning in his mind
earning all the lyrics churning for a
second time after time they be putting
their eyes on the kind and i thank you
got a lot of gratitude for y'all how we
doing homes you know that the open doors
got the keys with the energy that i'm
going to pump c what i do at ease at c
with the oceanic river creeks that i'm
going to spread
new kind got a lot of flaws you know
that i cut it up like a katana sword
what we doing you know that i flow in
your mind the go gone behold
osmosis as i'm going to cook it right
together leave it grilled and it's ill
with the way you're going to feel it ah
[ __ ]
how we doing
we got a lot of people in here i think
we
i think the internet is good
it's actually saying bro
you're so good that you should go back
up to the higher bit rate
thank you internets
for working god damn
[Music]
shout out to the people who'll be tuning
in to all the lyrics that do do
you know that i'm gonna give it yes i
live the flow in my mind i'm samara yes
i'll be gifting flows yes i'm slicing
yes i'm gonna be enticing with the
lyrics improvising just the supervisor
flows what we doing you know that the
thunk of a tune then i see five-year-old
from mr funk road you're gonna know that
i'm gonna spout proud lyrics off the top
of my khan gets a shout out s.o is gonna
be the flow every day significant with
weight i give you other type of ways
that you're feeling every day the
letters going to bump kind sending love
out to the pepper club i'm on a
different level you know dead i'm going
to spit flows fam shouts out to the
discord everyone gonna get the love that
i'm gonna tell you know that all the
[ __ ] clever stuff ah pull the lever
in the blood in my mind and i give you
all these rhymes intertwined with your
mind now whoa you know that they're so
crazy
got the energy never gonna feel lazy in
here watching the stream on replay and
i've been clear got the lyric that i'm
gonna say in your mind every day and you
gonna pray that the dude gonna pump the
blood through your blue heart never blew
peace to your soul and i see what you
want every day so i'm gonna speak speak
what they won't woe what we doing fist
bump in the room shake up with the boom
boom sonic in the room now yes i'm on a
roll give it to your slow what we doing
spit your all the lyrics and behold the
guy gonna dig the lyrics right up in his
mind and behold yes the crown be gold
whoa what we doing yes i'm never gonna
willow get your other lyrics yes i'm
gonna leave you with those and just
what we doing what we doing you know
that i got the angle with the words and
the letters that that do disperse in my
mind in this curse with the way your
converse with this converse hey how you
doing bro i be feeling dope because they
gonna listen to the flow and the words
that i throw at the top of the blood
what we doing you know that i gotta love
the flood ride up in the ocean in a bump
the gritty freeze kind do it not for
publicity in your pub in your city is
your love yes your witness he who be
spitting all the love and the vicious
freeze you know that i'm gonna rap to
the great people in the line love does
extrapolate from the way that i wrap you
the traps and the templates of the
rhymes as i'm gonna contemplate another
line for the people who gonna walk dick
want this
[Music]
god damn
i think we feeling right
shout out to the people
yes you gonna know you're gonna know
you're gonna know that i got time
to show you all the hot lines gotta
[ __ ] flow nougat color knows that i'm
gonna blow up the sweetness in your dorm
it's like the nuka-cola home
reflected the lyrics that they elect to
set in your mind in the sentence release
the tension had to mention all the
people on the line kind going to spit
the continents off his mind yes his
global yes ago through the continents
what we doing you know that you clearly
see him do it weekly yes he do it yearly
hear ye khan gonna be the king these
frees gonna lie upon your mind as he
sing and i know that i take a descent as
i be flying sky high with the words that
i sent i'm gonna rain down the thoughts
up in the brain storms of the god and i
know that i try to tell you that i'm
gonna tell you this khan always saying
that's our day
cause you know that i'm never gonna feel
the need to jinx
anyone
i need to think a little
how we doing you know that i got on all
delivery shouts out to the homie
sidewind
let me tell you that i'm gonna fly
see what's up coming through from
towards night i'm going toward your mind
i'm going forward tonight without the
thought that i be slowly getting in your
mind yes i'm jet into the sky highly in
the states of the vibe and i know that
that see all the things that they think
and i gotta flow for hayato yes i'm
living my higher tool yes i'm living
true in my mind you know that i'm gonna
be spitting soon in the line nuka-cola
know he's gonna go bop his head i'm
gonna cop the tacks inside my mind yes
i'm shopping for the best [ __ ] i'll be
cooking grilling and you're gonna taste
it yes i'm shaking all your plates yes
i'm dishing it amazing earthquake in
your mind of birth greatness tonight you
gon know that i'm gonna speak free now
saiwan chathari saying sheesh what we
doing just be on one up every eve he's
going to do it easy speak if the live is
pro with the way i'm baiting you the
freeze whoa what we doing yes i fly
let's get a new one on the beat is to do
what
i want either way yes i'll tell you
these freeze kind shocking like
electricity i'm going to do words
global
i rock peak to jewish world
don't know where to exit though yes he
going round and round in this dome and i
don't know why you know they don't spit
in your lyrics and i try just picture
other things that you won't intertwine
with all the lines and the rhymes going
through the vibe that you're going to
fear he be free can't see dimitri and i
know that they need to speak odes to
thee because you'll tune in to me and
i'll be quoting you the things that
you're gonna reflect on every [ __ ]
evening i go wild go fly right up in my
mind's eye oh hi hi can he fly let's
find out kind really proud
[Music]
see we're feeling good today people
because we feeling good every day people
and you know that i got to dictate
all the addiction he predicted yes the
scripture going to be prescripted in
your mind yes you better watch it now
switching you the way i'm wishing for a
hot around got three wishes wished for
three hot bars i'm gonna tell you
they're not spitting you the lyrics too
far you're gonna say what up what up yes
i'm gonna cut up cut up slice it yes
you're gonna want it yes i'm fluttering
through tongue i'm gonna find the lyric
breathe the bars yes it's going through
my lungs your odds are here it's all the
clearest lyrics in my mind
with the way i'm living really safe in
my home it's crazy i won't gonna find
time in my mind going wild yes i catch
all the wildlife yes the bar's gonna be
hunted down yes i'm gonna bunt it out
the park with the way i'm gonna be
struck and you're the art now see how he
depict the crazy freak he laid these
beats it's crazy how the beat gonna slap
ain't it crazy how they can't maintain
the way he spitting on the beat yes you
had to see the cat spit the little proud
[ __ ] off the top of his mouth and the
route sits every step i take on the line
and the outfits won't be dripping out of
the car kind
gonna show you daddy conquer and he
conquered with the people who'll be
thinking he'd be dope now yes i do too
so you're gonna need to quote con i know
i say the bars khan gonna be get into a
jar with like mason jar look like mason
jar with the way your jaw locked down a
jaw with the balls up in your [ __ ]
mouth proud with the way that the flow
great yes you can't see through them i
be [ __ ] opaque
i don't know let me tell you these flows
got to go so i do a speed mode pistachio
getting your nuts with all the lyrics
that i'm cracking yes i'm bumping you
want another one so you're gonna crack
it open with the dopest type of flavor
that you're feeling going on without the
way i'm gonna be feeling all the lyrics
and that has fun yes you need to mix it
up had some almonds and i know that i'm
gonna say all the lyrics the energy is
going cray con gonna show you how we
gonna fit words let me take a sip of
this
h2o first
how we doing
youtube
see the way we gonna be moving is be
different when i'm giving you astronomy
with all the lyrics inside the line hold
up you know that i'm gonna shine like
the stars yes i got the light year of
the bars you know that i'm gonna spit it
every day i'm in the internet and you're
gonna want it my internet eats a bouquet
of these what does that mean i'm gonna
spit you a bouquet of freeze okay it's
he who's throw the lyrics inside minds
every day i get the lyric in the
headlock now it's deadlocked it's on
with the way i'm going to deadlock with
the key that i got in my [ __ ] my home
solve the problems yes i write the
answers what we do in perspective is the
guy who got the [ __ ] stanzas off the
top of his mind never need to write no
paragraphs the paragraphs looking sweet
with the rare raps
[Music]
you know
we just [ __ ] around people
it's
iconic and it's also
the dual reflector it's the duda who'll
be tuning into nua tunily is in the
movement you're gonna know what you want
it every day is truly inside the womb
you know that the illest hymns gonna be
you know that i'm feeling fine cause i'm
feeling true every day i'm seeing that
singer in the room and i'm gonna show
you that they coming through with heat
and i need to see all the lyrics that
i'm gonna speak fire every day you know
that i'm gonna burn down your house and
you're gonna see me had to just be the
guy who just [ __ ] you all the nasty
you're freeze nasty with the way i spit
all the lines nahs gonna vote room with
my [ __ ] drive i'm gonna show you that
i still use the tactics and i'm gonna
spit your lyrics like a pill chill with
the way i'm going to spill you the ill
flows you know that i'm going to get
inside the willow tree with the way that
i grow so ancient elemental with the
earthly flows i'm baking oh hold up what
we doing you know that the flow what you
gon want every day i go up in the tunes
and you're gonna know it it never stop
kind is gonna go up yes you grow up with
the way i'm spitting you the xp
and you know what i'll be spitting gonna
be just get inside the edge of your mind
you know i let free
hold up try to do the double time you
know that i'm gonna get it so infinity
with the limits that i'm blending and
i'm lending you a hand i'm gonna be
flying yes connecting all the verizon
you know you're going to see me as i
shine like all your horizons are what we
doing yes i'm back in the best the
lyrics in my mind they say you're
lagging again you hear it i don't know
but i'm gonna show you who the dude is
gonna be every time he choose a tune to
beat up you gonna know khan is gonna
boom then he baps in the room and i'm
gonna do all the facts that you knew
every day i'm gonna spit it actually
dude yes i got the facts you all gonna
be needing who to do who gonna be
lagging yes i'm gonna be speaking you
the true as fast you're gonna want it
yes you need them what we doing hold up
you know that i'm spitting even
with the best damn it's buggy again i do
invest my time to just be fixing all the
lyrics be ha [ __ ]
let's see let's see what the internet is
doing that they could be fixing these
[Music]
i don't know what it be doing
see the things i'm gonna be spitting you
were true every day i had to do it
in the logic that i'm always gonna
pursue
are we here are we here i don't know but
you know i see a tear dropping out the
con cause you don't know why but the
croc
[Music]
now we be doing this
with the way we move it you know that
i'm gonna spit it yes you gon know that
we good now
shout out to the homie who be singing
you the proud thoughts in his mind you
know that you had to inflict your eyes
on all the mechanic hits he be fixing i
know that i be so envisioned in my mind
to be the greatest so you had to listen
to the way i'm thinking about the
sinking type of lyrics sinking like the
anchor yes the angle gonna get inside
your head every day i had to dangle had
to handle yes i'm gonna be cracking
ankles every time i said what i said now
what we do and get wraps in your mankind
sinking like a wetland kind be wet and
you better understand the kinds gonna
bet on kind and get a bad ride every day
you know that i spit it have no limits
as i'm gonna get inside the lyrics yes i
do envision they be tuned into the way
they're calling all the lyrics on the
way they're gonna call kind mr [ __ ]
fix it yes i'm gonna witness all of this
business imma get inside the greenery
i'm smoking scenery provoking god who be
spitting you the dope [ __ ] kind of no
wonder what they feel when you go inside
the different state the [ __ ] is mine and
let me tell ya all the rainstorms that
be dripping need umbrellas to be
blocking calm but i'm dripping you the
acid yes i'm tripping on the line and
you know you want to have it i kind tell
you all the raps ill kind gonna make you
calm feeling tranquil
i'm gonna thank y'all to be tuned to the
way i'm spitting you my flows kinda
gonna show that i got the flow village
and all of the rhymes gonna grow and you
see it kind's gonna do the free flows
the unity flows you know the bars don't
build communities bro hold up whoa what
we doing yes i had the brains who be
thinking they could rapidly
that i'm gonna be playing there yes i'm
gonna show you what you need and take it
down memory lane i got the old school
flow futuristic tool though yes you're
going to know i got the range of the era
with the river flows and i'll tear you
another one with the flows that i'm
going to spit
what we doing is the internet back man
come on
[Music]
come on what we doing
see
you know i'm going to tear through the
watts cause i got the power got the
terawatts all the lyrics since i'm
flowing through the currents in the
wires yes i get it hotter i'm blazing
through the faces and you know it's so
amazing as the dude is gonna say it
every day every day the maze is in his
brain is gonna straighten as he let it
rain inside the thoughts up in this
[ __ ] lane what we doing who that who
do that you know i got no lag cause i be
the smoothest with all the the flow rap
you know that no cap that was crazy yes
i'm gonna spit it yes i got the flow so
brazil you're so raised it just the rays
gon shine cause i raised you another one
as i'm spitting you the line never gonna
be lying look at my face i poke your
mind with the flows and i know that i'm
going all and i know i'm gonna show you
that i'm going to spit you on my cards
what we doing spitting yes i'm king upon
the bars have my queen beside me yes you
had to witness all the lyrics at the
flows and freezes be my business yes we
building this movement you know the
children don't know it you know we gonna
kill it every movement who knew the dude
gonna get ahead of deadlines we had a
deadline every time i get ahead of the
people who be thinking that i'm not
gonna do what i want yes i'm going this
picture of the lyrics and i got up to
another lyric and i got phase is inside
my mind feeling like a shock wave
phrases i'ma raise it and you know i'm
gonna say amazing type of phrases and
the maze is gonna straighten every day
i'm gonna go crazy with the flows i'm
going to savor in my mind i'll be your
savior yes i give you flavor what you
know you know they're despicable thicker
lines and you know that i'm always in
the cold cause i got the freeze chilling
they be bold in my mind and you know i
do it with the ease let you know that
i'm gonna flex the flow i get the flow
inside my mind and i let it go i let you
know
that it's never gonna be ending and i go
bust another one i be the locus
spreading through the sickness and i'm
gonna be flying buzzing in your mind i'm
gonna be bugging every night i'm gonna
show you little spitting you the mustang
the stands up for rhymes i got the trust
in hands that i'ma land you know i'm
going to be just beating you the rivers
inside all the lines i'm going to be
next day with delivering i
know i am a song every time i picture
all the lyrics at long lasting never
last cause i be spitting you the soul
don't [ __ ] that you're gonna need to
exit your room better take a breath
cause i'll be spitting you the lyrics
that you expect every day you better
respect the dude who gonna elect you
presidential with the flows he gonna
vote for when you know you're gonna see
me provoke most souls evoke your mind to
be tuning into dope flows and the soul
of the kind
gonna get inside your mind and i have
[Music]
[Music]
see
barbara better know that i hand her two
bars for the bars you're gonna want now
the balls out in boston got a ton of
boss rhymes what we doing
sweet with the flow ceo with the flow
yes to see sweet with the way i'm going
to speak these sweet treats in your
[ __ ] mind hi how we doing you know
that i got jail time cause i got locked
down with the great bars never fail i'm
going through the line never fail i be
grinding on the rail with a rhyme trick
and yeah i'm flipping you the lyrics
that you wanted everyday infinite with
the limits that i'm drawing yes you're
gonna see me yes i'm gonna speak these
lyrics that you need
[Music]
yes i got the reason yes it is the
season for the kind to be spitting you
will love the rhymes and you're going to
need this every day you're speaking
every day i'm peeking witness it's the
guy iconic
this beat is so nasty
how we doing man all right we don't want
to go up a little bit
[Music]
how do
this is funky
[Applause]
that singer i've been telling them that
i'm going to be a felon with the lyrics
that have spelled them and i know i put
them in a spell i'm wandering in my mind
i'm wondering how high i can be flying
but i find out tonight you're gonna find
kind intertwined all of the liberty
don't spit in you some gifted time i'll
show you that you're gonna wanna another
flow from the guy who rock it out of
space let's go it's who's i'm a7 in the
room who got more flavor than the kid i
do not know so i'm going to be cooking
every day i'm grilling flipping you're
the illest tricks you're gonna know i
got the marks on your mind hold up it's
the kind triple with the lyrics i'm
going to show you getting in all the
lyrics i'm flowing yes you're gonna
wanna know ya this ain't gonna find the
time to be just spitting two kinds gonna
find the fried type of chicken it's the
kitchen that they find itself in every
time that they be cooking
you know daddy you let it be
so i'll be the best beer cuz spit in you
the bars yes you're saying cheers what
we doing you know that i'm gonna scare
this in your mind i'm standing through
the breath i'm sending through with
[ __ ] larynx i don't know exactly what
the larynx is but i'ma tell you that i'm
gonna link the lines you know it's
getting synced up in the rhyme i know
that you're gonna wanna line every day
you're gonna just find the kind you're
infinite [ __ ] inside of your mind it's
crazy getting so quick with lyric spit
you know it's so slick i say these
lyrics you want no witness you know it
is my business we leading it we spearing
it experience the things i'm steering
right up in your mind you're smiling yes
it's here to hear it every day i see it
yes i'm gonna be searing yes i'm melting
yes i'm belting you the heat that you'll
be needing yes i say this khan won a
belt ring shines every day up off the
top round with the gold crown that the
congo king every time i'm gonna sing you
the songs that you binge yes it's always
going to hinge on the floor that i be
feeling
how we doing
we had some
lag but that won't stop us
from going crazy
it's about the
time spent in the mind and i find y'all
tune into the practice so i had to thank
you
hi deaf with the definitions of the
flows that they'll get you high when i
said you're the lyrics yes they deaf yet
they can't hear me as they sleeping on
me as i'm gonna be leaping
you know that is scarier when i throw
all the love out to bulgaria from boston
who thought this could just be spitting
you the hottest like [ __ ] that's defined
is gonna know that i had to move you
know that this move
in my mind i'm gonna speak it yes i'm
illa with the lyrics killer every day i
murder beats you know that i'm gonna
turn your curvier with the treats every
day i'm earning another second on the
sweet ceo type of feeling in your room
and i see the office is gonna be awfully
hot cause i'm gonna burn it down yes i
broke out the cubicle who the dude who
be choosing to do exactly what he wanna
do you're still gonna know i'm never
gonna see no resistance yes you know
i've been peed pissed off with the way
you spit this they gonna try to mp kind
but i'm lostless with the way kantho is
through the ducks i conduct you [ __ ] you
want what you want yes i know yes i spit
the bars and i'm busting through the
dome let me tell you that i got the rare
of those kind staying fresh raw yes it's
never perishable i'm gonna show you that
i got it with the witness freeze every
day i play it through your auxiliary
can't never be arguably i'm gonna be
primary with the way your pros carry
freeze kind gonna slap a beat any words
yes the rhymes assemble like they at a
factory i got the
as a spitfly flows and i know that i'm
gonna be raptor as i close that yes you
gon know that no spitting yes is cash
with the way i'm switching flows yes you
better know you're going nuts like cash
shows what we doing you know that i got
the freer thoughts in my mind sleeping
on the con they got insomnia every time
i rhyme but i'm going to god freeze kind
sorry to noah to nearly on the line i
don't know why i'm sorry but i'm going
to tell you get them feeling free in my
dawn when i reflect on the people who
just see me just flow when i'm gonna
elect votes to take over in the room
khan gonna fly a rhyme right up in his
mind it's coast to coast it rise and
shines yes i'm going to rise a rhyme and
provides a rhyme supervise a rhyme every
day the time gonna be the kind i know
that i had to flex this [ __ ] in your
mind yes i'm running yes it's so
adventurous as i'm adding you the
ventures of the lyrics that i vent in my
mind everyday inventive with this [ __ ]
whoa what we doing yes i'm able to be
flyer cause i'm stable in my mind got
the stabilizer you know that i be
flowing through the cables and the wires
up in the sky yes i let it bump anomaly
with the way you nominate me to be
winning every
[Music]
what we doing what we doing you know
that i'm gonna be
and then
[ __ ]
beat me up scotty
oh let's get to the next beat
29 people chilling with me right now
[Music]
we still got a lot of time bro you know
still got a lot of time
as long as the stream
is chilling with us
i'ma spit stuff
for the people who go on to witness the
business i'm doing now
and you get up cause it's next level
every day i gonna fly every night
oh look you know that i'm gonna say the
freestyle as a game
has a lot of levels inside of your brain
first
put on beats and you speak to yourself
and you know that you need to level up
to just be recording watching back the
things you flowing woe so you getting
better every day on road to be spitting
all the letters right together in the
measures of the bar sometimes hitting it
but sometimes yes you lost you know that
i got time to go on streams and hit
record and i share it on the video now
i'm going to hit stream and i'm going to
do it live and it does seem that i'm
gonna find people enjoying the free so
i'm gonna go on omegle do it free for
the strangers i don't even know and last
weekend homes i did it on the [ __ ]
road kind got a lot of flows for the
people who gone behold all the things
i'm gonna be doing yes i level up in
roles that i'm taking in the flows that
i'll be breathing in my soul you're
gonna know i'm gonna do it is the season
best be hold kind i'm gonna rock to the
stop no one got the flow that the con
god cause confines the lines right up in
his mind you see breaking out the
confines with the vibe you gon know that
i'm gonna get you [ __ ] all the rest that
you need to got the rest for you you
know that i'm gonna stand up rap for ya
every day you understand that that rap
for ya yes i got the gift yes i'm gonna
rap for ya you know that i got the lick
yes i'm gonna rap for ya burrito with
the [ __ ] i'm gonna rap for ya
speak it quick i'm gonna rap for ya you
know there to spit it quick kind you
know daddy do it yes they saying this is
so sick i'm gonna keep it 100 i'm gonna
point up in it into the sky i'll be
looking and they loving it what we doing
you know that i got flows scoring all
goals yes i'm gonna find it like waldo
yes i'm going through your walls though
what we doing you know that i'm going to
find dope flows in my mind and i save
those never going to be binary i'm a
rain storms are the numbers in my mind
yes i'm hexing all the lines and i know
that i got size like a set
like a hexagon octagon i don't know if
i'm going to get deceptive with the
rhymes and i know i got this seven at
the time when i'm flowing through the
stairways of the heavens up in my mind
and i know i'm gonna just be the flowcon
never lie you never pinocchio but the
might pinned this okie doke on your mind
every day and i spoke the quotes the
notes behold the duel be dope you gonna
know this kind gonna deceive you call me
decepticon let me show you that i got
all the lyrics you been dope with the
way i'm getting stocked up like it's
crypto
spit to your soul and i know i got the
politics of the people thinking they got
all the [ __ ] that they need when they
focused on money but you know that it
really be who got the energy the nuclear
power to be getting so controlling but
the crypto system going behold it gonna
be the better way for revolution i don't
know but it seems to me it's not a
solution for two sides to fight like
that it's gonna not be dope kid
i don't know how to spit about that in a
flow but i tried it either way we're
gonna ride it to the next beat it's 29
kids in the room we're gonna find him
we'll just do all the lyrics and i slice
through yelling timber
[Music]
find time to be spitting you these
lyrical freesties i might try to just be
who i'm gonna be
kind
gonna be crazy i'll never be lazy
egyptian [ __ ] that looked like pyramids
i'm going to mummify when rapping you
these lies that be killing off the top
my mind i'm coughing sickness i'm gonna
be feeding you the lyrics just some
killing all the mics i need a villain be
the guy who gonna speak it really really
i know
that i'm dexterous with this [ __ ] i
know i swear you're side to side you're
gonna get it quick i
got the rhymes i'm gonna be flexing this
kind going to be rapping but dexter yes
i know
that the spitting you the winner freeze
khan gonna show you that i'm winning g
i
know i'm always gonna be spitting bleed
thoughts up in my mind got the rhyme
flow synergy whoa
you gonna know that the dude always
vibing getting in flow states on my mind
yes you're not always writing what we
doing you know they die gonna go in been
the mini kaku hey crew what you doing i
know i'm gonna tell your dad i'm gonna
rap you this kind
killing the mic yes i'm gonna be on my
drive like ambulance i know
bet i'm gonna spit this [ __ ] i'll never
be simplistic with it yes linguistics
gonna be expensive yes the time i take
it spend it every day i'm taking talking
clicking clocking in on rhymes as i be
finding how the kind of gonna be rhyming
higher yes the chronic getting me
in the thoughts and energy that imma let
it be
in the beat
prismatic type of prisms when he bending
off the lights i got the magic what we
doing you know that i got the art in my
mind i'm taking over got a couple rhymes
god the rhyme of god i know that i'm
gonna do a ollie hop up on the king
throne and i know i'm spitting through
the bin dope flows and i need to be
unraveling yes i'm going through the
global rhymes be traveling
beating you the dopest vocals and i had
to a cure cause it's feeling really dope
with the raps i spit kind
feeling harder with the freeze i'm
getting in my thoughts got the wrong
philosophy
i
tell you that i might be swell the kind
god satisfies all this clienteles cause
clients just lying inside the rhyme and
expect the rhyme so i elect all the
lyrics they expect i
know
that i'm spitting you the flow what we
doing who the dude who's gifted off the
dome who'll be tasting through the
letters yes i'm going to throw you the
love i'm gifting you're the letters off
my dome i'm going to be riding yes the
lions connect they gonna be webbed like
a spider yes you know the flow is gonna
sway and just ebb
[ __ ]
[Music]
how we feeling youtube
roll call you gonna be wanting all all
the people i do yes i'm gonna fly right
up in your mind you know that i'm gonna
be spooky with the flow you know they
don't gonna spit their sicknesses i'm
gonna find time to just spit real kind
fans love out to sick deals i'm gonna do
fly flows yes i say hi to who's time bro
how you doing yes i see that they're
gonna be seized cause i'm gonna be
killing mike's gotta talk to steve
robinson i'm gonna rob son with this
time cause i'll be spitting you the raw
ill lyrics off the top i know that the
thunk of a tune and i'm going to split
it to miss the font groove hold up what
we doing is it too nearly what we'll be
tuning into lyrics yes i'm never true
want to be the true spitzer yes i'm
going to split the hatchet every day i
gotta say what's good too minneapolis
damn you know that i said you shout out
to people if you say damn it's rachel
shouts to you i've met you in real life
i know that the spiritual all the real
lines know that i'm gonna scheme on the
killing [ __ ] and i know it's obscene how
i'm gonna paint the scenes i'm gonna sad
that lyrics yes i feel bad for the
afghans who be going through the war but
they living and they don't like why did
this happen to me i do not know imma go
through the poorest things in mind in my
mind
gonna show you
to free with the way i'm going to spit
the logically to freeze our [ __ ] yes i
did the chronologically can't spit the
crown just this logic beats up every day
i'm gonna be killing that you're gonna
want it and you're gonna know i'm gonna
spit it crisp when i spit this [ __ ] yes
you know i got the mystic miss that just
sticks in your mind just exquisite with
the way i'm gonna write down all the
quizzes got the answers got the problems
got the solutions i'ma just dissolve in
the mind and i know that the spiritual
all the things you want every day and
some intertwined with all the states of
mind they're gonna tune into ghana what
we doing just to get this kind of
spitting you the premise
it's the flow and the rhymes that i'm
spitting it's like tennis back and forth
with the lines that i'm spitting it's
like you know how you ace a quiz
when i serve you
[Music]
the test testified to the testaments of
khan and i know i'm going to spit it
just expensive with the rhymes i'm going
to send the sentence yes release the
tension with the rhymes i had to mention
i be feeling all the love for people on
the line con
gonna bounce all the nouns and the
vowels so pronounced in the line i know
that you're gonna see me kill the
microphone gonna call it the microphone
shots up mag but i got the big mic in
the line and i'm gonna swing right and
left with way that the spit of the
liquor in your heads deliver yes you're
never gonna do it yes you
blacked out with the black thought to my
child taught the black card yes i'm
going to try to spit your lyrics yes i'm
going to bid it elemental growing
through the roots with the lyrics it's
essential yes you're gonna see me yes
i'm gonna flow hot lyrics in my mind
slice it cook it like a pork chop what
we doing you know that i'm gonna got
this kind throwing peace out to dudes
and dustin it'd be me he be free deep
with the rat that he done to speak hold
up shouts out to donda
got a lot of different type of sounds on
the beat what we do when you know that
it's so resilient says i'll be spitting
you the millions of flows i'd be the
amphibian hold up amps gonna inhibit kid
when resistance gets in the way you're
the wires and you know that i'm gonna
spit a kid either way yes it's locally
fire when i got to sway your mind with
the vocals that be fire you know that
that culture all the truth you gon
desire what we do when you know your
time i'm going to acquire cause i
suspected you the lyrics as i'm gonna be
rottweiler as i'm gonna be chopping yes
i'm barking yes i'm fighting and i know
i'll be exciting every time i'm gonna be
driving you reviving hot how you doing
what we doing
gonna spit the tunes
yes i'm going to spawn all the lyrics
yes i'm king of a pawn with the tones i
know did that set its way i know that
you're going to vibe like it's revvy
yeah i shout south mark i'ma mark you
down as one of the goats off the top
with the things you produce so profound
with the way he found how to be a pro at
making beats off the [ __ ] sound and
the things he feels in the rhythm and it
feels really real with the funky soul he
reveals right up off the top of his mind
let me show you dead and spitting you
the lyrics i'm telling you that you are
not humankind i be human i just got the
brain that just likes to spit a lot of
rhymes whoa you know that i get your
faces shook as i'm gonna spit it post it
up on the facebook i see that i blunder
sometimes but you know why i shock your
mind yes i'm going thunder whoa what we
doing yes i got all these solutions
can't be spinning yes it's final yes the
revolution gonna be started when the
dude is sparking all the truth you're
gonna want inside your mind i know that
i'm gonna be commenting to the sky
what's kinda tin i don't know but i'm
gonna be packed kind of thin as i dunk
it on your dome what we doing just the
ball boards through your mind and it's
gonna be hardcore what we doing yes i'm
gonna pour through your soul yes you gon
know that they're sweating through your
spores i know that that'd be blooming
thoughts yes the spores gonna grow old
got the gold never gonna be mine or yes
i'm mine or in the mind and i know that
they got the ball cored
you a lot of bars and i know that they
do flows yes i'm flying sky high yes i'm
out the pluto with the freeze and the
space that you need kind in your head
it's universal versus that i speak now
whoa what we doing i be crazy how i'm
gonna send love out on live stream cause
it's mr funk groovin jonko johnson who
knew that dude is gonna rock it every
night i got to do dude
whoa you know that i'm gonna flow right
transform all the rhymes out to towards
night ah you know that i'm gonna get it
and i'm strutting your construction
every day the khan structure's gonna be
a statue that you need to see steve
shout tattooed yes you go know that they
got the blast flow i don't know what for
neil hall but shouts out to jeff roger
what we doing yes i had to do the lyrics
coming twice in a row yes you're having
deja vu as i'm going to tell you that
the lyrics coming twice in a row yes you
got the hot bars call it deja vu well we
doing god too yes i like birth lyrics in
my mind as i be an iceberg you can only
see the tip yes you can't see in it but
you know it's gonna be weighted in the
flow that i'm sitting whoa let me get up
in your business yes i'm gonna win a
[ __ ] your ship can't step to this what
we doing you know that i'm gonna ramp up
flying sky high it's not black and white
it's panda homie
get into the riddle yes i'm getting to
the middle of the clever type of lines
that i'm a riddle yes i'm stringing
you're the theories yes i'm answering
your mind you're going to best believe
me kind gonna be getting yes i'm gonna
fly flows yes it's weather with the way
i might just show you that you gonna
send all of the fire yes i'm going out
to willis will this be the fire that you
witness it's kid who just does it like
it's business and it's strictly the
strict heat that he gone scripting cite
the rhyme and i spit the scripture
predicted it just addiction gonna make
you addicted in the room yes you know
he's gonna get the orange freeze like
it's kobe 24 coming through from raymond
crandall and i know that i wrap y'all a
lot of lines and i'm gonna be a ray king
khan gonna shine you the rays like the
sunshine a dollar for everyone in here
24 plus five since you said that homie
yes the people know that they better be
inside the room cause the people throw
all the love it's raymond crandall in
the room yes it flows through my blood
it's like the red that i be seeing with
the way i let the peppered in the lyric
that i lay up in your mind yes it's like
a jalapeno every day i'm spicy with my
flavor yes i'm keeping hundred more of
flavored lines right up in the way i
cook a book up for you yes you're
looking at the way you're looking shook
up in your mind yes i'm gonna throw the
beast yes i'm throwing chakalaka i'm a
rocket each and every time i'm gonna
rhyme whoa you know that i'm gonna do
the truly vicious flows khan got the
rhymes he be ubiquitous bro what we
doing yes i got to thunk the kind gonna
stock up like it's cyberpunk whoa what
we doing you know that i must define all
the lyrics yes the summer days they do
unwind in my mind you got the heat yes
i'm gonna find time to fly shine like a
horizon
i might rise sun yes you gon know that
that might just fly sun and you gon know
that i'm gonna stack fear in the trash
every day yes it's twisted like a black
mirror what we doing yes i'm gonna be
futuristic with the way i'm downloading
the beat in my mind i'm gonna be the
flow be the beat yes that's the [ __ ]
that you never thought you'd see yes
i've got the energy i'm flowing you know
that it's timeless with the way i'm
riding in my mind i'm going towards the
night kid what we doing you know that i
get it free in my mind yes i'm going to
do the gold [ __ ] get it 23 at the time
from the dollars in the rhyme hold up
you know that i'm gonna spit you what
you want i'm gonna need to do this
justice so i'm gonna take a sip of water
and just get to it really [ __ ] quick
hold up
[Music]
let me tell ya
that we feeling feeling feeling really
fine
hold up hold up you know that we need to
find a beat
[Music]
with this type of heat
that i want to speak because my god
towards knight see that we got to be
ready
one of the first things we're going to
need
is the raw material
hold up hold up hold up
[Music]
all right this is better shout out to
the people in the room i just wanted to
go beat for this michael jordan scheme
we were at the end of that one
all right you know that i'm gonna find
the time to flow in stop my mind is
goated every time i'm gonna be michael
jordan on the mic yes it's mike on the
mic every time that that strike is the
light i hold up what we doing you know
that i'm overflowing every line you
going behold it's going to be golden
like a jordan yes the mic on the mic
every time i strike get the light that
you needed
what are we doing you know that i'm
going to spit it got a lot of pull
putting all the work drafted that
chicago bulls but i don't put in like
the time for that you know that that be
clutch up in the rack yes i'm gonna find
it yes i'm here in mid range from the
left block and you gon know that they
get hot when i'm going to knock it's
wishing yes i'm going to be winning
rings back in college yes i'm like 22
alright let it gain i know that i'm
gonna be a gold yes they drafted me
three what they gonna thought i do not
know but shouts out to the dream it's a
dream but they still should have [ __ ]
picked me what we doing you know that
i'm going spit free give you all the
things i'm thinking yes i'm gonna let it
be but you know that i not a lot of work
to do cause i'm gonna be michael jordan
way i'm gonna sway your tuna what we
doing yes i'm going to be overflowing
kind golden on the floor like michael
jordan yes i might go on the mic every
time it's a strike get the light that
you want you know that i'm overflowing
kind going around yes this golden [ __ ]
is gonna be michael jordan on the mic
yes i might go on the mic and you're
gonna want it it's a strike get the
light yes just fit you all this ah yes
i'm gonna go win it every day i'm gonna
win the scoring title hold up what you
thought it was yes i'm getting into the
lane spinning you're the english off the
bank it's a swishing main every time yes
i say your phrase tell you yes i'll let
you know i'm gonna fade away and then i
do it right there in front your face and
you gonna see your face yes you know
it's so defaced what we doing yes i need
to roll on lock you down on the other
side yes you stroll down on the other
end yes i'm getting buckets till the end
winning every day yes i vote for it i do
elect to be winning rings kind gonna
tell you yes it's been six at the time
why young mix through this [ __ ] kinda
gonna do it so exquisite with the way
i'm gonna be spitting in your mind
you're gonna witness evie winning rings
he gonna be [ __ ] sinking your ships
he gonna tell you that i'm gonna be
exquisite with this you know i had to
take a break never that homie i just
found out that i had to be great yes i'm
overflowing hold up what we doing yes
it's kind of looking like it's gonna be
michael jordan with the story of the
flows kid gonna be spitting off the dome
kid i'll be mike on the mic and you're
gonna see me strike all this light and
it's shining upright and it's prime time
khan gonna give you all these highlights
reels yes i'm going through your cables
dunk it yes it's cradled everyday i'm
rocking in the pocket yes i misbehave
what we doing
[Music]
you know that you know that you know
that i might gonna mic yes it's all
[ __ ] flowing every time i spit it
feel it like it's michael jordan what we
doing you know that is gonna be swishing
yes you're gonna be wishing for all this
intuition what we doing all of them
gonna be intuition that the dude is
gonna spit it every day it's never
ending hold up you know that the muse is
gonna be goaded every day he flow with
oceans yes it's looking like it's
michael jordan khan don't be mike on the
mic i know that i'm gonna strike you the
light i know that i'm gonna spit it
never look like i play baseball or on
the wizards i'm just gonna tell you
about the bull story never tell you
about the other things homie yes i'm
gonna keep it hidden but i'm not gonna
get to that you know that i'm gonna let
the facts speak yes you know it's kind
on the rhythm
[Music]
what we doing y'all
gonna know that it's mike on the mic
it's icon on the mic icon on the con i
know that you're gonna call the mic the
kind when i'm done with the flow and
kind
it's not hush of don't know you know you
just the jordan story is just the bulls
you know
hodo i don't know if i want to do a
donda type b
i don't know about that one if you all
got beats
i see one right here
i'm sweating my ass off guys i'm gonna
let you know
i haven't shouted out anyone i tried to
do a whole michael jordan hook and [ __ ]
we'll see how that turned out
uh how we feeling shouts out to towards
night for inspiring that one
shouts out to raymond cran crandall
shouts out to the 36 people in the room
who gonna know that uh we feeling really
dope see
every wednesday at six eastern we do a
free end
they swaying yes they body moving like
it's west to east but it's also west to
east because the coasts gonna know that
i host you the flows and they turn into
dude yes i explore in the flow
whoa
what you gon want now
let me just tell you that i'm
getting through all the styles alright
we switching it up you know that i'm
getting all the situations be switching
up in the [ __ ] vans ah hold up hold
up hold up hold up
[Music]
i think i want to stay on the boom bad
bob
shut up shout out to my man mr funk
groove
i think i want to do the boom bat vibe
shuts on my man jonko
coming through
um
that beat just the volume wasn't high
enough it just
shut down mr funk though
[Music]
all right
[Music]
how we doing you know that i got time to
do
all the lyrics are not no
shout out to the dude i'm gonna flow
best blooming all the flowers shout out
to brian flores i know i'm gonna spit it
fire every day i'm passing dish and yes
it's tiki taco with the way i'm going to
spit your lyrics up a 90 congruence
[ __ ] lyric that you're finding finding
your witness i'd be over flying yes you
know i'm going to be cutting up you
going to be quiet got the onions blooded
what we doing you know that i'm gonna be
luminescence yes it's shining yes it's
luminescent with the rhymes i'm gonna
provide up in your mind on the vibe i'm
gonna telegraph the lyrics send it to
your mind whoa got the sentence got the
message got the lessons got the
blessings whatever you gonna call it i
expect ah to be true every time that i
be spitting fly liquid tunes in the
rhyme yes your best be wild i know i'm
gonna be a spider webbing you the flow
yes intertwined with the lyrics silky
smooth yes i'm gonna milk the tune every
day for different rhythms when i speak
to you and you feel it and you know you
gonna be bugging every day i'm spitting
you the lyrics that you loving what we
do and you know that the kind is writing
rhythms yes i'm encrypting the code i
rhyme the algorithms what we doing yes
i'm going to bend dope see it clearly as
the sun shines through your window con
is going through your windows yes i'm
going to be a 10 with the rhyme yes i'm
going to bend up on your drive on your
cd-rom you're going gonna see these
rhymes you're gonna tune into it like
it's a cd and now you know that i'm
gonna see these rhymes you're gonna see
me define what you're gonna wanna know
whoa you know that i'm gonna have to
speed it connie's gonna get it yes i
cause a cataclysm
i know i'm gonna flourish every day i'll
grow the flow you know i let it nourish
yes i'm gonna show you that that spit
the system g kind just fit into the
consistency and the kind system bleeds
all the lyrics that you need just
insisted all the free and the
no risk no resistance i see
and your inference might be
that the guy gonna stop no it's infinite
with the five freeze no limits gonna
stop me kind gonna show you that i'm
flowing 40 people know it you know they
don't spitting you the lyrics i'm
provoking you know that it's david
baroque inside the room yes i'm tying
all the leather yes you can't be cutting
i know that i'm gonna be slicing and i
know you sowing dice inside the rhymes
that i'll be flying into mine what we
doing yes i'm gonna be lying down up in
my mind i'm gonna be roaring yes i'll be
a lion yes it's king khan what are we
doing you know that is so scary that
they gonna be tuning in it's everyday is
jerry though in all the tens i'm gonna
likely to find a 999 i see us cause like
how's the love in the line i know that
they gonna request this kind is gonna
spit the lessons yes it's blessings
every time i'm seeing 37 earned the
lessons that are spitting yes i'm gonna
do spit on the logic lyric yes it's
flute bent in the [ __ ] feet and i
know i'm gonna be sweet and i know i'm
gonna be sitting in the lyrics that you
need tonight know that you'll be seeing
me just speaking and you know i'm gonna
get it yes this is the season gifted
with a reason guess i'm gonna be santa
with the claws and the predicate
predicted in the lyrics that i draw on
the head
[Music]
alright you know that we gonna be tuning
in every day you're gonna want it not
confusing them
giving you
the truth
things you don't involve hold up we got
a beat request from jerry noche
the delivery is so sick on this track
yo i'm just trying to find
i've been trying to be more melodic
but in uh
you know controlled
[Music]
jerry no che your support is crazy bro
i swear jerry
jerry truly is the goal
see i'm gonna show you that you're gonna
want this every day i flow you all the
lyrics i must be inside the logic if
you're gonna want this i
know i'm gonna speak these flows khan
gonna be out in boston with the boss
round just gonna call him sweet he'd be
ceo he's sitting in his room you're
gonna know kind getting in your mind
like the lawn gnome getting in your home
on your launch roll yes i'm gonna be
cutting yet some bars bro what we doing
you know that i'm gonna get flows can't
go me spicy like a jalapeno yes i'm
gonna holla yes i need no pando you know
that i'm gonna speak to all the dollars
yes i spent the time you're successful
with the rhyme and you know that the
style free every time i find time to be
spitting you to me the differences you
wanna be on your tv screen just cast me
yes i'm going to break thee put you in
the caspia as i spell these cast you the
magic wand the lyrics that just want the
brawn inside your mind yes i'll blast
these thoughts in my mind yes i got up
to a different day yes i be lazanya as
i'm getting you all of the pasta cause
i'm gonna end all of these imposters
shout out to matt for the ball you know
they don't run as fast kid every day i'm
gonna be striking this elastic with the
way that i last did in your mind yes
it's everlasting every time i rhyme roll
what we doing yes you know i might just
scare you yes you're looking like the
pole today i survived you know that i'm
gonna know you guys will find the kind
just getting inside [ __ ] minds i know
that i'm gonna find flows yes they gon
want to talking ride long ride on right
along yes i'm gonna write a long tune
yes i'm gonna find a strong tune in your
[ __ ] mind and i know that you're
gonna want this kind of star wars
you know i'm going to show you they
don't spit in you the logical flows yes
you know what angle connect like
hypotenuse hype with the lyrics that i
might produce yes i'm going spit you all
the spirits yes you're looking really
drunk and you're gonna get the lyrics
yes i had to go debunk all the people
thinking that i'm gonna be bunk yes i
thunk that i'm gonna dunk whoa
all right all right all right
how we doing
in the room
shout outs to doots who
gonna find
time to tune to
the guy
icon
how are we doing people
um we're gonna go back
to something something
dope but slow
30 people on the line unless y'all
trying to get higher
[Music]
yo appreciate stefan demo
you are amazing that is
much appreciated
khan makes it sound good
know you gonna get it yes it's gonna be
three four five as i'm stepping to your
mind and i got it
the ratio the rhymes that i'm gonna find
gonna be fibonacci
to another lover imma switch it yes i go
to higher notches
let me tell you that the killer be the
lead with unconscious kind
gonna tell your letters going inside
your mind yes i'm getting in your
mentals dreaming of the guys i'm gonna
be screaming the vibes and won't be
earning all your time as you're spending
on the kind as he rhymes you're the
feeling really fun and he feeling really
fires he giving you the lines now
no one gonna fly y'all
looking kind through your eyeballs and i
eye y'all and say hi y'all how you doing
you got time for lyrics that i'm going
to spit hold up
so you're going to know this every time
i'm going to fly your different lyrics
yes i'm acting all of these recitals i'm
gonna recite all the lyrics in my mind
as i'm spitting through the golden ratio
of the rhymes and i know i'm gonna go
around and round as i'm gonna get to
power with the rhymes i find to be so
proportionalized and i know i'm gonna be
pro with the portions of the rhymes that
don't spit into your souls and you know
it's soulless when i
enlisting all the lyrics that i'm gonna
be thinking in the nine and you're gonna
know i'm gonna rap to y'all i spit it
really tactical you're gonna want it yes
i'm tactful with my [ __ ] rhyme con
gonna make contact the con raps every
day you know that i'm gonna say that
don't make your sway blow away all the
people who gon wanna say khan do not got
rhymes every night it's so elastic with
the way i'm gonna be stretching yes i
burn it easily yes it be plastic when i
spit the words that free the beast every
day you know that i'm gonna spur this in
your mind i cause the whirlwind with all
the rhymes and now rapture think i'm
cutting up he's slicing up the beat
that's gonna leave it lacerated i know
i'm gonna spell you the lyrics that
they're gonna make you say hell yeah
what we doing today khan gonna intercept
a pass yes i ride down yes six points
i'm gonna kick it through the fence i
know i got the concepts yes i get it in
your heads everyday khan is gonna digest
the bee every day it's gonna die yes i
doing just when i breathe in the [ __ ]
lines and i'm gonna look up in my head
of all the blood that's throwing through
the thoughts that i'll be flowing
through the mic you're gonna know what's
so crazy what we're doing god gonna be
solo in his solitude in his rooms of his
mind and i'm going to be a rhyme wizard
cause i'm thinking you're the magic that
wanders in my mind it's cold freeze it's
a blizzard it's encoded in the
scriptures and i know that you're going
to see this it's a triple with the flow
and can't be over cold cause he gonna
flow you what you want
all right let's be switching up the vibe
you gon know this
[Music]
let me tell you that you
[Music]
feeling proud
[Music]
shout out to youtube man how are we
feeling bro
how are we feeling
we got a nasty
oh is this
are we gonna get in
getting our feelings should i stand up
[Music]
[ __ ] maybe next time
[Music]
all right
we slowing it down you know that i got
the philosophy it's every miller
coming through
different types of porn wrap that's a
weird suggestion my dude
all right yes i'm going to be aiming to
be king khan
going to coco rhyme up yes he catering
catering to y'all i'm gonna behave a
little different with the flow y'all
going around it yes behave a little
different when you
go online and you're rapping yes you're
finding your mind it going right up and
down it's going south and north every
day you bounce the pros in your brain
whoa
[Music]
separate the flows and letters and i'm
going to fix it in a different way and
fixing all the fixes of the light that
i'll be lighting in your brain i'm going
to lighten it in your brain it's going
to be lightening in my brain i'm going
to be storming and maintain all of these
poses that are provoking inside the way
i say
how you feeling today with the way that
i'm gonna look upon excel see the
paragraphs looking really swell and i
take an exhale
[Music]
it's par every time i'm flying high over
under y'all kind gonna win it either way
[Music]
spitting you the words are free khan is
gonna tell your daddy flowing through it
like it's circuitry no resistance i'd be
insisting that i be fire in the way i'm
free hold up kind don't be meddling the
raps i'm gonna be copper with the raps
i'm gonna be copying all the facts i'm
gonna be jotting all the tax i'm gonna
be paying with the reps i'm gonna be
spending all the time it's never
depending on the mic i'm gonna tell you
that i had to build my nest and i'm
flying high birdie with all the way that
i'm hitting your mind it's holding one
with the rhyme on the green all the time
whoa you know that i'm gonna spit these
lyrics yes i'm gonna be getting to the
pixels on the line yes the fairy gonna
see it's the pixie gonna see that the
dream gonna be kind wishing for the way
they be feeling when i rhyme every
[ __ ] night so they clicking all the
pawn now i'm seeing 25 people hoe don't
see that i'm going to leave your
thunderstruck upon the beat yes i feel
it energized say the great freeze kind
is gonna rock like it's acdc i know that
i'm gonna book all the lyrics on my mind
switching like a hook shot i know that i
might see
time gonna spit it yes it's wishing like
i'm kareem i know that imma go and just
do it afar yes you gonna see kareem
abdul-jabbar do it really raw in the
lane he'd be dunking he'd be winning six
rings i don't even know five mvps i
don't even know but it's like 38k points
that he put up on the board i know that
no one else did that move either except
dude so that's kind of [ __ ] crazy
[Music]
let me tell you that i get so
every time i'm riding yes i'm sending
love out to ed po hold up
hold up hold up we're gonna we're gonna
get it we're gonna get the energy up bro
we we need the energy
lifted in the room shouts out to
everyone chilling
see
it's 30 people who see me
speak it easy
giving you the
bb
[Music]
khan is overflowing yes i'm never
stopping yes i'm going going in the
literary game you're gonna know if i'm
gonna tune the volume up inside the way
you spit it yes i'm thinking about a
different type of activity so you know
the raps gonna pay the [ __ ] price you
know that i'm spitting do be making
money watching off though i don't know
but i'm spitting you the logical flow
vincent greedy print up all the lyrics
that are spit up in the lyrics that's
imprinted in your [ __ ] soul yes you
know that your gone kind get ever
[ __ ] swiggy then i need to catch it
back i'm going to spit it like it's
biggie shouts out biggie rip you know
that he's never small biggie with a b
but it's biggie smalls vicious with the
beat and i know that the flow gonna
bounce and you don't know the kind gonna
be so pronounced and not know that i'm
gonna speak the hints khan gonna step it
yes it's next step yes it's next inch
yes you know that i'm just gonna do
flows can't be so nomadic yes the rhymes
be true curse whoa you know that i'm
going to hit the junction of the rhyme
con jumping you a rhyme i'll be at the
function every time that you'll be
bumping you know that i'm spitting you
some obligations with the way i'm
jumping what we doing you know that the
spree all the lyrics yes i'm gonna spit
it yes i'm growing like a tree kind got
the energy on the drive it's a bounce
like the back of your mind looking like
a trump way i'm gonna pack you around
what we doing you know that i'm into
inventing all other lyrics yes you're
into interventing all the things that
i'm spitting but you know that you can
be never ending khan cause he gonna
intercept it yes he catch it yes he run
it back he picking yes it's six at the
[ __ ] time winning rings goat [ __ ] you
know that is gonna be jordan you know
that i'm spitting you the lyrics that's
provoking your emotions to be tuned into
the flows it's gone yes i'm gonna leave
you very focused rhymes going through my
mind i'm at my locus con gone be
spreading globally like locusts i'm
gonna show you that i'm gonna flow kiss
i'm like i know the survive i know
sitting down gonna feel so good when you
see khan get into your earbuds through
your ear i became your bud shouts out to
the people who gonna send all the love
in the comments whoa
gonna do this looking candied yes khan
did what he did whoa you know that you
gon feel good [ __ ] up a beat you know
that is mr feel good all up in the beat
sometimes i don't know but it be flowing
through my [ __ ] rhymes and you gon
know that i'm gonna just rap this thesis
khan is gonna be rhyming like i'm the
jesus damn jesus what you got to say i
be christening the way you listen to the
sway yes i'm gonna give you all the
praise now i'm gonna preach it reaching
through your mind i'm gonna breach it
yes i'll make you [ __ ] believe it
whoa you know that i'm gonna get my
vision and my mind is optimistic never
pessimism you know that i'm gonna expect
it to be vicious every day i'm gonna let
the vicious ah [ __ ] you know that i gots
to push let me just go to mack bars
yes i'm going to be getting in your mind
getting through the line like an octopus
i'm going to be getting in your crevices
your nooks and [ __ ] crevices i'm
never going to be work i'm going to be
going straight line and i know i'm going
to show you that i'm veteran i'm going
to tell you that i let it blend up in
your [ __ ] mind been at war with the
words in my mind yes i'm gonna be
animalistic with the way i'm curing you
the line yes it's very pure and i'm
gonna just stir all the lyrics and i
turn you the next page all around peace
[Music]
you know that i get it great every time
the rhyme blows up it gonna detonate
cause the khan gonna delegate the vibe
to your mind yes you're feeling deadly
weight what does that mean it means
crazy in turkish homie let it bake what
we doing yes i got the phrases in your
mind it's blowing up the populations i'm
gonna pop you the latents
let me let me tell you that i hand the
parallels to the people that you
thinking they could prior but they
[Music]
i just took a parallels
all right let me handle parallels to the
people who'll be thinking they be fly
but you know i'm gonna be flying
parallel
whoa you know that i'm gonna go inside
your mind i'm boring your mind yes i'm
poking holes in the line guess you're
never boring tonight i'm exploring the
vibe and you know i'm speaking all the
folk lord that you lied and the folk
knows that the gun gonna spit the quotes
bro whoa you know that i got on it khan
gonna spit your rhythms on dot rotten
yes i'm gonna be bombing yes you know
your best no kind don't be driving yes
i'm revving yes i steady fill the pet
troll whoa yes i patrol the pets who'll
be thinking they'd be running [ __ ] but
they gonna sit down what we doing just
kind be the big dog you gon know that
i'm gonna show you that you're scared
now cause i'm gonna be getting in the
[ __ ] lessons that i'm scripting
inside your mind inside your crevice and
you won't know that i'm gonna get it
like an exorcist i'll be curing your
demons when i spit this whoa what we do
will fly the truest essence in my mind
i'm shining got the bioluminescence what
we doing you know that i'm gonna say
phrase oh he heavenly he gonna spit it
like it's ak 47 yes i'm gonna be
shooting yes you in my scope you gonna
know i'm locking you down i'm gonna be
all in one with the way i'm gonna be
playing ball what we doing
you know that i'm gonna set fly lyrics
says i'm gonna be shooting up all the
beats yes i gotta check nine what are we
doing you know that i expect fine rhymes
to flow differently from tech nine what
we doing yes i gotta free the flow is
gonna be falling so you're gonna know
that i be just getting inside of the
logic speech thoughts is going through
my mind you know i'm gonna speak the
flow and you're gonna see me drive yes
i'm cruising down with my vehicle what
we doing you know that i'd like to try
you yes i got you in my scope i got the
sniper rifle yes you know you take a
breath i'm gonna let it inhale i'm gonna
exhale and then shoot it yes it's going
blowing your brains i know that i'm
gonna say that i'm flying through the
cables yes i'm blowing brains away with
the way i'm entering you
[Music]
spitting you the lyrics you know that i
got the scripture encoded in the rhythm
i got the scripture
[Music]
had to try to be putting numbers
together you know i analyze all the
rhythms and the pockets and the notes
i'm going to measure up in bars that
don't spit in you know that i'm going to
filter greatness every time i'm spitting
on the rhythm got the rhyme filtration
whoa what we doing yes it's infiltration
every time i'm going to spit my
inferences and phrases that you gonna
want it you know that i slumber on all
the people thinking that i'm not number
one kind gonna dream his life he's
living lucid i'm gonna see him that i'd
be so fluid on the mic cause it's true
yes i'm gonna tell you these lyrics
shining colorful i got my leds
[Music]
[Music]
it's the kind
how we doing you know that i'm gonna
thunder shine light yes i'm gonna rain
in my mind just the storm's gonna light
up your mind i say yes i concept this
inside your mind no misconceptions and
kid i [ __ ]
misconceptions on the rhythm get it
messed up
unanimously different with the phrases
that he spit your kind gonna show you
that they rap these fab flows you gon
know that they're so fabulous i give you
rides with the flows like a taxi cab bro
whoa
you know that i got a lot of lines and i
know it's gonna be precautions with the
rhymes yes it's never fair then yes i
got like 99 percentages of experience
when i'm gonna try to tell you that i'm
steering this you know i'm going to be
steering this inside the drive yes i'm
on your mind khan gonna rap free kind
gonna hit it up yes the beat be a baddie
i'm gonna [ __ ] it up yes the system be
the tactics and the rhythm that is gonna
bleed what we doing you know that that
[ __ ] is scary khan gonna be living at
his rhyme emissary what's the emissary i
figured it's like a building from the
government but you know i'm gonna build
it in my mind maybe i just invented the
definition so i'll be spitting you the
lyrics yes i'm giving you the flows and
i seep you the potions conquer your soul
better people the notion whoa you know
did i get it made i'm going green as i'm
growing old like the everglades ever
gonna glide to the sky to the wires to
the wi-fi in your minds imma rhyme ah no
i'm gonna spit it and i find time to
send love to new york state of mind yes
i'm gonna show you that i'm driving yes
i got the knives revving engines gonna
be driving every day i'm gonna get it in
your mind and not cartoon and you know
that you're gonna hear the cartoon what
we doing your sister up your mind
sticking like it's syrup you know i'm
not corrupt but shouts are corrupt with
bars and you know that the old school
flows cool with the way he flows truth
every time yes i get rare khan gonna be
spitting you the wet where it's a story
yes i shove it yes i'm freezing you the
freeze con is gonna tell you that i'm
shocking with the freeze and you know i
got all of the options on the beach
cause i got the pocket yes it's
limitless with freeze what we doing you
know that i be just earning time inside
the room you know i'm crawling like
permit yes i'm going to tell you all the
fat [ __ ] kind switching up the flow
sounding like a classic eb storing on
your drive yes i'm in your pc yes i'm
gonna be correct it's gonna be
politically yes the poll elects me cause
i spit the litty freeze and the truth
you're gonna get all the energy when two
gonna tend to these lines any render
these videos up on the sweet sound that
you're gonna want now kind gonna give
y'all all the sweet
[Music]
uh how are we doing we did this we did
this
we did that
how we how we how we bouncing
how we how we how we pronounce it
i don't know
how we bouncing how we gonna pronounce
it
i don't know yes i'm gonna be bouncing
got the nouns and thousands not the way
you lyrically announce this rhyme you
know that you want this never gonna be
floundering yes i'm gonna be proud of
the lyrics that i tried what we doing
he's just gonna get inside your mind i
call the blessed us as you listen to the
cuz i'm gonna splinter through your
skins i'm gonna get it yes i'm feeling
like a kin yes i'm blooded in the rhythm
whoa what we doing you know that i flow
the order khan got the repertoire going
through your border con gonna spit the
vocals through your globals get words
kill a mic yes i be like dexter what we
doing found words i'm gonna be a boss
call me browser yes i'm gonna be rhyme
browser yes i search for it yes i do
research now i'm gonna go and serve you
the things that you're gonna need here
don't speak the freeze yes you're gonna
know that i do it with this these
to the people stepping up to me cause
i'm gonna feel chill feeling easy he's
gonna get a torn lyrics in my mind yes
i'm gonna be skeletor don't know exactly
what skeletor is and my wrist is really
sweaty with the way i flexed it on the
[ __ ] wood on the mouse and i spit
with the bounce and i know that i'm
gonna let it announce in the rhyme to 30
people who'll be tuning into the words
i'm going to speed up in your mind yes
i'm cruising right up on whoa keeping a
secret with me is going to be how i'm
gonna sweep it you see how i'm gonna
ride the rhythm you know if i'm gonna
leave them weeping leave them weeping
yes i'm leaping they'd be sleeping he
gonna take that fat [ __ ] every day i'm
gonna do it so magnificent magma gonna
flow up through the rhythm kid yes i'm
building paradises out the oceans kid
what we doing flowing it you know that i
got time to just give you all the lyrics
and the hot lines khan gonna say amazing
flow's gonna grow yes i'm gonna be day
trading flows whoa you know that that
trade this gold for that flow on beat
and you better know that that flows
fight those spar flows come back flows
every day
gonna show you that they like sipping on
the lyric you know that i'm like ripping
and i know that i'm gonna be mike and
tippin i'll be one two stepping on the
rhythm different
[Music]
how you gonna be bouncing
how we gonna pronounce this
[Music]
i don't know
how we're gonna bounce kid how we gonna
pronounce it i don't know hold up yes
i'm gonna be sticking yes i'm flowing
through your streams mosquito couldn't
sting it like me yes i'm gonna be
vampire and fire through the clouds in
my mind yes i'm gonna be getting through
your mind hold up what we doing get it
greater kind gonna be the flow rhyme
decorator i'm gonna show you that i'll
be the educator other people no one's
gonna have this [ __ ] dedication khan
gonna show you that i ball in this kind
it's gonna be rhyming good never mild
ignite i might tell ya that i'm getting
edits live on the rhine cause i'm gonna
let the treading i know that i'm gonna
ahead to detain all the people who gon
want to come through saying anthony ray
i'm gonna tell you not detain but just
tell you that he's probably gonna come
on at one point a point or another main
what we doing shout out dave chappelle
is gonna make me laugh yes you know i
may excel up in my mind you know they
don't want to let it slow kind used to
crack up at chappelle show i know that i
better tell you let this bitten you the
lyrics to my genome khan wanna be a
different species as he gonna speak
these lyrics yes it's throw the genies
he's gonna be wishing like a genie got
three wished for a hot free yes i'm
going to show you that i'm gonna spit
through another einstein rhyme yes i'm
gonna be true genius in lines and i'm
relatively energized mc's couldn't
square up to the god i know that i'm
getting to the root of the rhyme yes i'm
gonna spit the truth every night whoa
[Music]
how we gonna be bouncing
[Music]
how we gonna pronounce this
shout out to the people in the room
hold up hold up
[Music]
ah we want we want some energy
what the time is
it's time to spit the time liz
hold up you know they don't be so
engulfed in the rhythm and the flow yes
i'm biting like a wolf whoa
howling at the sky and i know that this
full moon let me pull tones in my mind
yes i got the wavy shine
whoa
it's behaving different yes i'm going to
sunnah me waves going through my mind
i'm going to quake your mind it's
elemental whoa how we doing yes i'm
gonna equate to all the flows i'm gonna
go through the globe through the center
yes i'm cutting it straight through the
equator bro what we doing equate the bro
to the best [ __ ] that entered in your
dome and i'm gonna quake your soul i'm
gonna say that you're feeling really
different when i break all the beats
spell get ahead yes i'd be head all the
flows off the top yes you better tell
your friends khan gonna show you daddy
gonna muscle up yes i'm gonna be bugging
on the flow like shutterbug better pull
your shudder up just snatch a picture
every day i'm gonna fill the patches
with the scripture what we doing you
know that i'm gonna fire khan's gonna
spit it right right up in your minds i
know that you're gonna see me get
intertwined with the flows and i'm gonna
be a rhyme advisor i know that i'm gonna
say best flows bless is out to kso yes
i'm gonna dip into my flow yes i'm
chipping all the thoughts in my dorm yes
i'm giving you the taste yes you're
gonna take a big dip and you're gonna
know that i'm gonna spit this yes i'm
gonna
tell you that you're gonna need this con
is gonna react a different way yes you
see these lyrics yes you're laughing
with the way i'm going to speak these
thoughts about my brain when i'm gonna
see these videos you're gonna know
you're gonna know you're gonna smoke
with the mac no mac do not really smoke
but i did smoke and hang out with the
mac yes you know i'm gonna talk yes that
is the facts connie's going to show you
got the action yes i'll be a jackal
every day i'm biting on the flow i'm
going to smack you connie's going to
bite down bark on the beat now yes i'm
bark on the freestyle type of journey
now dodging your mind every day when
you're throwing the hate i'm gonna show
you that i'm bumping the things gonna
fall you know that i'm gonna bend the
cubs who gonna make you sit listen like
it's indica you got the layers of the
tones in your mind yes you're gonna know
i'm gonna spit it in the lines every day
i got these bits of flow that i'm gonna
father yes the rhymes gonna make me the
godfather whoa you know that i got to
trade all the styles with no one i
isolate my mind yes i got the wave
oscillate ha ha you doing kind got you
feeling great whoa
[Music]
what we doing what we doing you know
that i'm gonna spit the lessons and you
know i leave no question connie's gonna
test this
who's stepping
i don't know i don't know
let's get the next beat
[Music]
we're coming to this next though shouts
out janko for the for this beat but
we're gonna go back to that one for sure
oh let me
[Applause]
[Music]
the illa flows crying through the
stairways to the heavens yes i'm saying
hi to every nila bro
whoa
hey
true coming out of my mind yes it's
rachel
sitting you know dead i hadn't kind of
sending love about the minneapolis i
know
that you're gonna find my flow
really different it's scheme cold skin
kos yes i'll be on the team yes i'm
feeling blessed yes i'm really invested
inside the time i'm spending in rhymes
ah no khan is gonna give you deeply rich
you don't like i know that i'm gonna
bump yes i dial you the tones that you
want up in the notes sundial you the
shine
you'll see flying through the sky yes
i'm gonna be active on the radios
tonight yes i got a long infinite type
half-life i'm gonna never be playing
games let me tell you that i'm taking
aim till they claim on the game i'm
gonna be
[Music]
i know it's treasons with the way i'm
planting you the trees of all the truth
now you'll be thinking a little
different cause you're acting a little
different cause the passion's so
invested in the time
gonna tell you
that i'm gonna spit the lyrics yes
[Music]
killer beat kill the game but you know
we vivid fire yes it's going to be the
resurrection ah
reassure you that the election's going
to be wrong cause it's presidential with
the things that the thunk rolling up in
this joint then you're high
how you doing on the road
spit the lyrics and you're going to know
a flow con gonna fly high i know that
imma end your fire like a fire hydrant
ah no one going to spill the visions
free yes i'm going to do it alone
soliloquy whoa yes i'm going to spit it
oh no kind do it so low yes i'll be a
hobo homeless in the vibe yes i'm
venturing through thoughts yes i'm
traveling through my mind each and every
second i
tell you that i'm going to spit best air
in your
[Music]
yes cause i'm gonna go and invest all of
the time
[Music]
found words and i never flounder and i
never scound her
i'm the flow round counter accounted all
the flow yeah some rhyming yes is one
two three four five maybe one three two
five four i don't know what i try to
spit you really different when i'm
counting up two nights and i know i'm
vision all the lyrics that i try and my
mission is gonna be the vision and the
mission intertwine into one word cause
i'm gonna be lazy yes i'm gonna spit
your lyrics just some sparring every day
i'm in the rink winning rings yes they
going crazy
whoa you know that icon spit all
unconscious type rhymes and i'm blowing
all the conscience of foes oceanic yes
i'm gonna be in my conscious bro oh he
got the tactics to flow all the fat flop
flows khan gonna do it yes he's dying on
the floor free fly flows free inside
your mind and it's fifa foggy i'm flying
out the sky with the lyrics that i beat
you test me now it's gonna be pinned
down knocked out like ufc
who tests
[Music]
just having fun with it now shout out to
the people man
you know i kind of like to let myself go
but let me get the
let me get the love thrown into the
words though
although i kind of have been i just
haven't been showing it
let's really show it
shout out to everyone in the room man
this is always literally my favorite
time of day week whatever
it's i always look forward to this i
look forward to a lot of things it's i'm
feeling lucky but
these these
sessions
see
you know why
cause it's scheme k.o.s and jonco
johnson knows that i spit it all to your
district and i know
that i spit this and i
know
[Music]
that i'm gonna rap quotes rachel in
minneapolis coming through saying that's
dope spit your fire burn it down yes
it's melted now yes i liquefier
i got the logical flows automatic roll
call it autological
whoa kind gonna spit the magic and you
know that you never need to imagine
anything that's gonna be real in your
mind feeling divine with the feeling you
find
on the mic it's the rhythm i tried
now you're listening to god yes you're
smashing it happy to hang out with you
you know that i'm gonna be laughing at
the people it's you gonna be the feeling
laughing as i'm smiling cause we feeling
really different with all the fire
rhymes rhyme 79 okay it's heavenly i'm
gonna be getting to the mind i'm gonna
be clever with rhymes i'm gonna show you
that i sever your mind you're gonna know
the lesson is gonna define how you gonna
wanna be just feeling kind unity gonna
feel different with my community i'm
spiraling on a beat i'm gonna be spyro i
be playing old school with the [ __ ]
beat you know that i'm spitting you
delivers yes i got the tactics khan and
you all think i'm automatic whoa what we
doing yes i've been the raps i flow
every day is global yes it's
international
five i'm gonna show you that you're
gonna wanna intertwine with the rhymes
i'm gonna show you that i spit the
stories tell it to you twice yes i make
obligatory lessons in my life yes i said
it on a mic and you know it's never
sedentary but i'm gonna rock i see i'll
be moving your quake you're gonna know
i'm going this picture of the movement
today it's very nice kind scheme kos
find the rarer nice rhymes they're done
spinning off the header no that i'm
gonna been the greatest add to being
kind yes i got the integration in my
[ __ ] mind with the lyrics and the
lines that be flowing through the
bloodline whoa yes i'll be a wizard
wandering my mind yes i'm gonna be spiky
off the top short with the lines then
i'm gonna do it every day i'm gonna be
cutting like a scissor yes the cold
gonna be on your face feel the kind
blizzard whoa i'm gonna see your one mo
higher yes i'm spitting yes it's helium
but i'm being one so i'm high with the
dro the dust tip yes i'm saying hi to
hydrogen as i'm going to be periodically
defending the top spot when i spit you
how to freeze whoa kinda is trying to do
a different type of lyric it's
biological with the lyrics that they're
throwing through my head
let me peace out the college lines in my
mind yes i'm slicing like shaolin what
are we doing you know they're the birth
of free stuff in my mind now you're
going down like turkish lira whoa sorry
bro that's just the type of [ __ ] that
going through my dome imma show you all
solutions in my mind yes i got the
theory of evolution of the rhyme just to
know the people gonna be coming from
somewhere like the animals that eat just
think it just makes sense first of all
before you actually look into the
studies yes i'm going to show you that
i'm spitting you the money flows yes
it's elemental how we gonna grow but you
know when you take it back to the start
of the whole universe then it's a whole
black hole in your mind so um
see i got the rhyme sequences gonna be
coming through yes it's very frequent ah
no i'm gonna speak this [ __ ] and your
speaker's gonna be bumping and it's
never gonna be unrequited you'll be
feeling love i'll be feeling love yes
i'm giving you a hug with the lines that
you're gonna want every day you're gonna
jump cod
in your club you're gonna bump ah no
it's not unrequited love yes you're
gonna love all the living that them
going abroad yes you're gonna want a hug
and i'm going to cuddle up snuggled in
the vibe
i know you're going to find the fly
lyrics sounding improvised kind showing
you we never demonized never demonize
anyone who try to speak around i'm a
shaker for you yes i'm going to split
the heart of rhyme though i do not care
i'll be ending competitions with the
lyrics i'm going stare in your mind
signing all the competitions cause you
know khan got the track signed just a
signature whoa what we doing sit in the
chair you don't see me spitting you up
where i know that i had the heart to
freeze kinda gonna eat it up animosity i
know khan never gonna compromise on the
promises of khan yes i'm honest on the
mic every day what we doing yes i said
tricks off the top my mind's
statistically going metric i don't know
what
i'm saying sometimes but
you know that i see 25 people on the
line feeling on the vibe and you're
gonna get it every day i'm saying all
the lyrics yes i'm gonna be on my road
i'm on my pavement yes i'm never
convoluted i'ma go on the contest homie
never need to compass one way take it to
the fine wraps in the mind whoa you know
that i'm gonna bump your vicious flow
sticking on it like it's bubblicious bro
popping all your bubbles with the
liquids just linguistics gonna be inside
your mind i'm gonna spit this hold up
what we doing you know that'll bump the
fire in your mind yes you're chilling
like a summer night
going this bitter yes i do acquire all
the lyrics and you know i'm gonna come
to fight whoa you know that i speak
these tunes kind spit the big league
true chew up on the beat i'm going to
spit it yes i'm going to do it every day
you're going to get it situation really
different as i'm choosing to be greater
what we doing switching you a different
flavor who the dude who going to true
true training day every day is i'mma lay
the contracts down up in the frame whoa
roll on yes i'm going to steam in the
engine of the liquid flow i'm going to
breathe what we doing you know that i'm
going to be pumping up your mind yes i'm
letting it be free kind going coastal
got the boats bro yes i'm going to show
you what you want who the doodle gonna
spit all of these emotions and you're
gonna be moving yes i'm intertwined with
the lyrics woven threaded you the
sentence yes i'm getting so expensive
with the time that i be spending never
pending yes i'm lending you a hand it's
everyday what we doing kind spit the
clever type of phrase i know that i'm
gonna be on this i'm gonna rhyme this
con sounding pompous i'm gonna got this
in your mind i know words inside my mind
i'm always going to be soul-searching
whoa you know that i'm going to take
this action card never going to be late
to practice i'm going to be riding never
lacking action never lacking practice
kind spit the conrafts kid making
contact with the tackle type wrap the
dhamma it's bad for your mind better sat
down and i know that i've spent a pat
down all the patterns in your mind not
to saturn with the sound i know
uh
could have done more
it's always true
it's always true
how we doing in the room
you know that i'm gonna flow great khan
gonna go in his mind and enter flow
always eating on it yes it's everlasting
bro what we doing yes the clever rap's
spent right up in your mind i find the
khan is gonna leave you blindsided cause
he shines so bright that your eyes
couldn't last in their eye sockets i
know that i sprocket a fire type logical
flow it's charged up just kind in the
socket hold up what we doing wait i'm in
a pocket but you know the kind gonna
think it's kinda psychic ah no did that
hit you with the sidekick on black belt
as we belt you the rap hits hold up what
we do kind going to be proud today cause
he's spitting you the scripture against
the clouded shapes in my mind it's gonna
sound so great that you gonna tune into
the way i'm shouting wait what just say
that homie better hit rewind never got
the time to pause yes i'm liquid with
the rhymes get some sander with the
claws yes i'm sifting rhymes gifting you
the lyrics yes the presents feeling fine
khan in his essence feeling so divine
khan gonna travel as he logging on a mic
i'm gonna speak the video you're gonna
watch the travelogue every time i rhyme
imma spit this you know that the letters
going sink kind gonna spit it every day
khan got to think that he gonna rhyme it
yes i'll be the greatest weighted
conjunct his fate nah i just manifested
into existence hold up what we doing you
know that i'm never failing
and all the in between imma spit you
mean lyrics some of my kind is on the
scene kind sounding so obscene with the
way he sees all the scenes inside his
mind you know i'm intervening inside the
people who be thinking
yes i'm going to overflow with all the
truth that i'll be throwing on your mind
you're going to have to know me yes i'm
rapping stories never whack a phony whoa
yes i'm going to cause kakaphonies oh
kind going to spit the patterns on your
[ __ ] mind
[Music]
[Music]
yes you can cannot kick it yes you can
can i kick
[Music]
see i'm flying through the mine shining
on my stripes like a neon tiger it's a
hole in one
what we doing beyond words every time we
going to spit it going far going yonder
with the rhymes and i know that them
saying stuff in your mind shining yes
you'd be a blazing sun you know that i'm
going to be a liaison son
that i'm going to bless your man
constant in love i took care repairs
saying yeah yeah yes you can i'ma
stutter right there but you know i'm
going to bingo let me switch up the beat
you know that uh
see through the window ooh this beat is
so different bro
these these flow these this this beat is
so different bro
[Music]
what time is it we got
a couple more beats
[Music]
hold up you know that the art that that
flow gonna sound so particular
oh
i'm a harbor a flow harbinger of the
dope quotes right up in your bow wow
right up in your bones right up in your
zone's con gonna get the numbers
concentrated either mode that you wanna
turn on concentrate on all statistics
that i'm gonna burn y'all look at the
excel see your paragraph but that didn't
write [ __ ] it's just looking up yes
traject well whoa yes i'm gonna
interject interject l
interject an l inside the lyricus i'm
never taking losses if he lost his way
conducted you the lyrics that you wanted
yes i'm energizing you the lyrics since
i'll burn free khan is wired to be fired
got the circuitry what we doing kind
gonna let you know i'm gonna get the
float right in your mind you're gonna
want this y'all know that you're gonna
want all the lyrics that they won't do
cause i'm flowing you
in my mind i'm waking up saying top of
the morning top of the morning top of
the morning top of the morning time for
the morning top of the morning oh him
you know daddy going to know him flowing
you the lyrics got the [ __ ] ocean yes
i'm going to spit the things you're
going to notice i'm going to do it never
need no notes kid i'm giving you all of
the notions organizing files yes i'm
going to promote this right up in your
mind yes i got emotions in the rhymes
i'm gonna try to just focus whoa you
know that i got to say kind saying hi
wavy like an oscillate i'm a oscillator
i'll be isolated in the tone and it's
all the gray with the obviously type of
gray tone that you're going on oh they
let me catch it back yes you know i'm
going bun and you gonna want it every
day i'm gonna fight the sound in my mind
and i'm gonna have to decide never right
or wrong i'm gonna know either way i'm
gonna find out only one option bro so
i'm moving right forth and you gon know
that i'm never feeling right or wrong
it's just the moment that i'm living
real strong and then you gon know that
if you could find a way that you'd be
feeling in your mind today could lift a
different way when you be focused on the
task at hand no put on [ __ ] mess my
man don't lie to the people who be
thinking they can tell you what you do
damn i'm just talking to my last self
past self you know that i'm gonna access
all the raps well in my mind cause i'm
flowing clear khan is gonna be epic yes
i'm like it's odin's beer bob gray gonna
know i'm gonna spit the hot phrase and
you don't kind gonna got y'all craved
and y'all gonna dance yes i got your
raven yes you're misbehaving as i'm
gonna say this khan gonna stir it in
your mind climb high through the breeze
yes i'm gonna be squirrel on a mic ah no
i'm gonna stir it in your mind i know
i'm sticking yes i'm gonna be syrup on
the mic whoa what we doing understand my
mind is gonna break through all your
errors got the sands of time oh what we
doing yes i'm going to found in spares
every day i'm going to count time like
hourglass whoa yes i'm counting down to
the way i'm going to spit the time this
type of [ __ ] it's off the [ __ ] sound
that i'm feeling in the rhythm on the
beat and i be thinking now i'm sinking
in the things you won't be wanting what
we doing yes the kind is gonna be king
i'm gonna be prince i'm gonna be peasant
i'll be all the people on the [ __ ]
street i know i'm feeling universal with
the serenity and all of the truest
verses dude what we doing
[Music]
[Applause]
hold up hold up hold up how we doing
people youtube let me take time to say
what's good to the
people who tune in to the way we move
reflector cmw
is tuning in to the way newa tunili knew
that i'm gonna do this [ __ ] it's scheme
kos it's reflector in the room and it's
cybernade is i'm gonna have to sell you
these tunes and i'm hyping today with
the people today and it's junior b who's
gonna say yo
how you doing you know that i'm going to
tell you that this is a little bit too
slow
so
let me switch it up let me switch it up
we innovating all your games
innovating industries [ __ ] innovation
homie we be living really free
[Music]
what we doing yes i tell you all the
flavor kind of killer beat he be the
rhyme eliminator
whoa
[Music]
show you what you wanted you know that i
know tunes kind of
gonna spend the time spend a fortune
now i'm gonna be hot before your tune
and after your tune
all right you know that i'm gonna throw
the love peace to the people flying in
the room like dove what we doing yes i'm
gonna spit you all the great [ __ ] i'm
gonna do it never miscellaneous i might
miss your cells when i'm aiming care but
you know the blissful lyrics that you
maintaining in your ears gonna make you
feel so swell ain't it bliss ah what we
doing got the riled up type of vibe
shouts out to rockford files i don't
know what that is but i got the logic in
my mind and i said great lyrics like a
grenade i be blowing up yes i'm throwing
with my arm and you know i'm flowing you
on bomb every day i know these feels in
my mind just so wake up eat it like it's
oatmeal and you don't know that they do
scary flows yes i'm popping jewels like
a blueberry what we doing you know that
i'm throwing one in in a hundred in a
billion in a trillion in a moment every
day i'm gonna be coming in the home and
i know it's homecoming when i spit the
flow whoa you know that i know that i'm
gonna flow wrap this on your tablet yes
i'm gonna tap trip whoa what we doing
acid flows in your mind yes i'm gonna
tell you that i feel really
khan gonna do it every day he got the
reality damn shouldn't even try that bar
anymore always try to force it in and
you better know that we're gonna switch
up the beat
oh [ __ ]
this sample is stupid
[Music]
the sample is stupid
[Music]
how we how we how we
do it
let me tell you that you want one
kind gonna cause a convulsion
i
know i'm gonna thunder raps slicing
through it burning down yo
how we doing yes i got time to show you
they don't gonna tell you
they don't gonna see you
through
the camera screen true
i got this the rhymes are so polished
i'm gonna kill the mic you know it's so
abolished every day i flow sounds yes i
never slow down make it drive slow now
feeling on the dope sound let the door
found
soul is feeling so
[Music]
in my mind acting valiant be a beacon of
the rhyme when i'm shining kid spitting
you these lyrical treats every day and
turn my sweet now
ceo with all the flow that don't go
speak out and i'm gonna tell ya that i'm
gonna sell your last kind
gonna be spit until his end of time
yes i'm confirmed
unfurl the lyrics got to show you that
kind of flies you see be the bird
watcher i might try to tell you that i
need to author these thoughts out to 20
people who got the time to tune into the
positive vibes that the guy gonna find
and i
strum this lyric
in your mind and i'm
blowing on the horn like a trumpet
and i'm spitting you the high notes
like a clarinet
and i'm gonna steer this
ban you the flows the rhymes together
and i hand you the rhymes and letters
and i had to tell you all these lectures
of the theories of the music that i'm
blending and i knew
that you never
hit me with a side never looking like a
flute whoa
i'm going to tell you that he's
stringing you the theories like the
tallest the cellos looking like i'm
based in the rhymes
violent with the way i'm killing the
mind violence gonna give you the
chilling typha
as you listen to the dope blessed
flows khan got the rhyme or kiss troll
alright guys so this is gonna be the
last beat
um you know how we do here
we are two hours into the stream
and i feel it is the time
today
[Music]
see
these people in the line know the congo
[Music]
to your mind hippity hop when i
gonna have the aim yes i'm gonna shoot
it like a dog it's the arrow out the
quiver gonna make it quiver yes i got
all the lines up in my mind hit your eye
hit the cyclops down whoa can't be a
giant yes i'm going to spit your lyrics
i'm going to be eyeing
[Music]
saying hiya how you doing you know that
i find the the rhymes up inside your
mind you know i'm going to fly a tune
you know i'm going gonna be ending all
these quiet tools yes i'm gonna spit it
yes you know the rhythm be amazing khan
gonna breathe well got circadian ah
circadian rhythm gonna be like a circus
in my mind need to maintain balance g
headphones and i drop it you know i get
the quotes i rock it every day i'm
steering in your head it's gonna be a
pleasant experience and i know that i
speak the hot flows coming up the rounds
you know that it's rhyme equinox i know
that i'm blocking all your shine khan is
going to tell you that he eclipsed the
guys
what's good to the people cmw
erin miller reflect the words to you yes
it's karma a [ __ ] in the rhyme and you
know that i be armed with an itch
tonight and imma twitch your lines and
imma switch your eyes to just tune in to
the guy who just spit you what you want
and i know that i'm gonna rapidly rap
i'm gonna yack now you're gonna see it
yeah i'm gonna show you that i'm gonna
take down lumberjack cause i'm slicing
all the wood yes i'm slicing in the tune
tonight no i'm gonna never slice down no
wood no lumberjack is needed cause i'm
saving paper with the tone i know it's
off top nah never need a pen only need a
mic i know i'm always going to defend
all the lyrics in my head i'm going to
buzz words con gonna show you that the
rhymes got the luster whoa
spazz these lyrics in the mind yes it's
the last bead it's deadly on the mic i'm
going to bind with the rhymes and i'm
going to give you a combine in your
nation and i got the combinations and i
know
that it's never binary as khan say this
blending you the decimals and i decimate
the people thinking they can flow cause
khan gonna get it till you put your at
zero when i know that i'm never needing
commas bro i'ma let it run on and run on
and i know that i flow the flow that is
for love one dars and i got customers
toned to the way i'm gonna spit the
lyrics and i'm busting you the truth and
it's illustrious alright how i
illustrate the flows i got the
illustrates my dome like to do you want
better reflect to see in a bright future
ahead of the dude so we throwing words
so i can just tell you a tone it's cmw
and know what to nearly in the room he's
scary with the way he busts a rhyme khan
shouts out to busta rhymes shouts out to
the voracious rhymes i'm
thinking voracious is crazy like vicious
and
[Music]
everyone in the room
shouts out to you
i saved the paper
no i got the flavor
better too
misbehavior got this behavior
that is going to make you feel a little
bit different
i
know
that i'm spitting you the lyrics in the
rhythm and y'all move who knew that the
dude gonna jump do tunes every day yes i
bleed you the blood through through in
my mind and i
knew who
this be
peace to the peeps on the scene
it's so obscene how every time i want to
end it and the next beat
plays i just want to spit another free
but i should probably not go too crazy
because i'm going to be spitting
tomorrow at this place
[Music]
hey how we doing junior we knew him
he be feeling right kind
spit you all the tunes yes i'm going
daily and i'm going towards night
see the way the mirror reflects the
truth and i need to say hi
how you doing khan how are you feeling
really true cause 20 people still tuning
on and i love all y'all go check out
all the content it's been a bunch of
content that i'm dropping friday i'm
going um live again of course friday is
also happy hour
um so that's a whole vibe y'all know
y'all know what's up
um so yeah friday's gonna be super fun i
might start early on friday i don't know
come to the discord if you're not there
but if you're live right now and you're
not in the discord
well i don't know what to say people i i
don't know what to say at this point um
porygon ice cube
in the room that's one of my favorite
names i'm not gonna lie
uh scheme kos says you know i got the
file oh [ __ ] jerry saying no way that's
the last beat you need to go all no che
with the rap free
[Music]
damn all right yeah let's let's do it
more jerry you are the [ __ ] man bro
you are the [ __ ] man hold up let's do
something slow
just slow slow enough
all right
let's say let's say what's up
[Music]
from jerry no way no jay on the line i
know that you're gonna want more though
so this isn't gonna be another [ __ ]
vibe khan got that fire scheme every day
i got all admiring these and you go no
i'm going to choir bees i acquire freeze
now i'm styling with the ease hold up
what we doing yes mosaics of the tiles i
melee i got the puzzles yes they solve
it every day i'm gonna answer people who
be thinking that i need to write the
stanza i'm just gonna live my life homie
stand up and spit up to the god don't
think you can imma make it blink once
and then blink again imma link the
letters yes i'm gonna sink it in inside
your mind i'm gonna tell you that to
bleed this [ __ ] i breathe this [ __ ] is
through the lung and then it flutters
out the tongue and then you're gonna
want it each and every day you love all
the lyrics that i'm spitting oh hits
going to come out of the fire that he's
scorching tell ya that i'm gonna get
turned in my minecon on a rhyme
adventure adding all the ventures right
up in the stories that adventure to be
throwing in the line you know i'm in
your vents i'm inventing the lyrics that
i'm gonna tell you yes you got the cure
from the guy who's spitting all the
potions and the words antidote be
focused in the feeling that you're heard
when you're kind
tuning to the khan and i know you're
saying cheese bro what we doing yes i
got the rhymes at the seashore and
you're gonna know that i'm gonna sell
this sally couldn't sell the flow that
i'm selling all these lines and my mind
is gonna be settled on excel and they
looking green cause i excel while you're
exhaling inhale of the lyrics that i
been hailing to when i drip hail right
through your mind got the fire got the
rock got the heart type of rhymes that
die flow through the porygon ice cube on
the ramen i like to introduce you to the
nice tune that i found when i'm gonna be
freezing you the freestyle khan gonna
tell you that he feel this way cause he
at the top rung of his [ __ ] dna what
we doing genius yes it may be inside my
genius yes a species i'm a birth with a
phrase hold up what we doing just the
ant feel the fire as i'm flowing through
my circuitry i cause a campfire way i'm
camping in the lines and i'm finding all
my y's and it's timeless with the way
i'm entering your wi-fi's cause it's
stores khan as he shot for a ramona cop
all your time and i rock it tonight to
the sky i might find all the wine
[Music]
rhymes that y'all won't found time to
just go and bout spares you know they
don't gonna feel time like an hourglass
and i know that that scar will rap some
powered facts in my nose with the power
through the wets okay it's watts but
that's bet
you're the spot that you need to
tune into
i sell the super chat
jerry i did one more beat
[Music]
that was the one more beat jerry i
thought i said jerry no way he's gonna
make us go on four days with the encore
i swear i said something
shouts out to the people chilling
let me tell you imma give you one more
ball homie before i tell you peace out
homie you know that i tell you
that that'd be so dope in the room i
leave it molten the lava that i'm
quaking you're gonna need beholding i
know i got the fire you know i got
paradises rolled and i found out that i
be living life a kind
you know that i'm spitting i gonna try
i'm a peace out right now cherry
got the overtime but we out now
i found y'all it's so hard to say bye
bye but right now i'm gonna hit end
stream and y'all see
me later peace
uh