what is what is good people
it's wednesday and we're going to play
with words yes traditionally i'll be
spitting you the exquisite priest yes
you're gonna know that i'm gonna win the
prize i do proceed to cry up through the
lyrics in my mind
got to take the time to prioritize my
thoughts it be improvised it's iconic on
the mic yes you wish you'd got time to
just tune in for another rhyme shout out
to the people who gonna listen back to
this on the rewind youtube what they do
yes i do the flows for nuka-cola and
michael's in the room yes you know we
feeling really dope bruh
and i'd likely be the dude
to give you the lyrical [ __ ] that you're
gonna be into and he do
this every night dude know this imma
dismiss the people who don't spit this
imma show you that i'm gonna be mystical
with the mist that sticks inside your
skulls whoa i be cracking all your minds
yes i got the pole got the wave shining
like the moon what we doing yes i'm
oscillating saying hi waving in the tone
what we doing isolated in my mind at the
top spot with the rock
what we doing hey yes my sarah bay yes
my name is sarah gonna come through
saying hey how we doing yes i got hearts
yes i'm gonna say flames yes i'm saying
peace out to just a seven peeps in the
room hussain hey how you doing homie is
this triple seven lucky in the tune i
know i'm gonna roll a paradise yes i'm
living kind either way i take my time to
be finding out how the life is never
gonna be gambled ample with the thoughts
ride up that i handle right after the
raps that i throw and i had to do it one
and four more times for you cause i be
bumping you my soul you likely to to
tune into the way i'm gonna spit the
fire
how you feeling khan yes i'm feeling
really right my dude i know that we move
through life yes we cruel throw bruised
beats every day yes you choose he who
just do these lyrical cool things
[Music]
what we doing yes i'm staring the lyrics
yes i'm getting yes the flow is gonna be
blaring yes i'm in my lair in my cave
what's good aaron yes i'm gonna be
airing on your tv on the throne yes i'm
in the room i'm gonna be king kong kong
gonna wrap you this rhyme protagonist
yes i'm gonna defeat the antagonist
what's good aaron the antagonist
that joint you did with harry mack was
busting busting
you know that the flow i take it just
adjust it justin it's the justice that
i'm gonna lay in the law bust this in
the lyrics yes i'm gonna flaw
i
find time to just say hi to the guys on
the line
[Music]
with the lyrical [ __ ] yes i carry the
flow up on my shoulders yes i rock it
like a boulder let me show you that the
land is bigger they be bolder khan
telling you he always growing older xp
test me i be next with the freeze
connect you the lyrical lyrics gave me
teasing yes i got the gold type lyrics
that be easy through the lyrics he be
spiritually connected to the duel yes i
give a goat cheese yes it's goat smiles
greatest mods of all time living in the
lines when i'm spitting on a rhyme
giving you divine energy i'm intertwined
with heavenly rhymes in the states of
all my minds i show you that i color
this
i show you that it's so diabolical as
imma die the options in my mind hold up
what we doing not my archer hit the
target yes i'm sticking like the tart is
when you smoking on the mic he's so
elemental earthly with this hold up get
it so melodic with the lyrics you gonna
be just wanting kind stir it
[Music]
the pages you know that i'm flowing
through the concurrence and concurrently
five people tune into the dude spit your
all the lyrics that you're gonna be into
hold up see it yes i got no cloak now
showing you that ida got the rhymes that
provoke sounds in your mind spitting
this yes divided in your mind this is
prime time
hold up let me get some water on
[Music]
you know that we that we feeling feeling
fine
[Music]
hold up hold up you know that it's gonna
be yeah what's good youtube
we're here it's iconic on the improvised
pocket
on the flow that they might be liking
who knows
but it's six people on the [ __ ] road
with me behold how we gonna find all the
gold yes i'm dripping the flows hold up
yes i choose the lyrics always got my
[ __ ] options topics gonna be getting
through it yes i see my objects clearly
when i'm speaking on the rhythm in the
pocket changing ranges of flows that's
strange then the flow hold up what we
doing you know that i've been ill can't
get the chemicals out it's this it's
distilled hold up i might instill
another lyric in your mind till you sit
still kind gonna wrap that fast tracker
lines i'm gonna be on the contracts yes
i'm driving fine yes i'm signing my mind
the way i spoke out the fire at the back
of my mind i'm gonna show you there
there's no debating that the dude is
always procreating flow creations whoa
kind telling you i get done with the
lyrics every day i spit a wet one get
one two levels up inside the lines i
know that i got the rhyme bar chord and
you're gonna see me strumming yes i got
the code encrypted in the flows
it's vicious when i flow bump on every
day you know the flow is never cut off i
be cutting slicing on the floor i'm
rolling dice and i'll be living kind
every day i'm gonna be finding out who i
am and i show you that i'm saying hi to
who's simon they gonna know that my name
is sarah in the room to carry perez
gonna come through and i just bump you
the lines tonight that you gonna love
dude you're gonna see that we always
gonna spit it out to goat cheese cause
we got the smiles yes you're gonna see
me spit your otherwise let the lines so
intertwined through wires through the
sky and i show you that we flying and we
feeling right and you know that it be
eight people on the line tune into the
way i create the lyrical [ __ ] that i do
and i truly say phrase every day i strum
up like a ukulele hey i might say all
the greats of flames man hey maintain a
different lover in my brain i can imma
just show you that i'm moving different
every day i'm going in your mind i'm
gonna be sifting through the lyrics yes
it's more gonna be motion pictures yes
prescripted you the graphics that i'm
going to picture whoa yes you're looking
at the cure congo on the pro kill the
lyrics and it's feeling really pure whoa
con gonna spit the lyrics i'm inside the
difference stay away from ultraviolet i
show you that i'm spitting you intrinsic
tunes in my mind that i do think of it
hold up what we doing yes i had to show
you that i was thinking about different
waves like gamma but i couldn't do it so
i'd likely behave to be spinning you the
heat like your microwave hold up what we
doing you know that i'm gonna be riding
flows in your mind just deserted in my
island bro in my mind deserted and kind
so
yes i meditate on khan let me think it
really different when i'm never
hesitating to be giving you the things
i'm thinking when i'm letting these
freeze get up in your mind and energies
just believe that i'm thinking all the
syllables is gonna take the seconds of
all the times in my mind to just get
aligned in the rhythm pocket i'm gonna
find ah all right let me move on hold on
what we do unless i do strong there is
for the people can we request beats yes
you can homie let me see what you want
me to speak on you know i'm gonna find
the time to spit it on the floor the
rhyme i'll be right
[Music]
let me let me let me show y'all
that we feeling something that we
feeling something
that we feeling something
[Music]
how we doing vote for the letters you
know that has been elected kind gonna do
it yes i do direct it on your line you
know i'm gonna find time to spit the
flow so materialized i'm never
materialistic when i spit your realistic
lyrics yes i got linguistics yes the
english gonna be spinning swishing what
we doing been into this intuition then
i'm thinking yes there gonna be
intuition that i'm never stopping yes
i'm always rocking kind of gonna find
the topic yes i'm changing pockets what
we doing yes i nickel dime [ __ ] this the
scraps homie let me tell you that that's
picture yes i rap homie what we doing on
your apps homie advertising yes i'm
feasting on the flows gee what we doing
expose me i'm going to compose these
there is compositions in the mind take
the composition on the field then i'm
going line just pulling the lines i'ma
serve it right up in your mind show you
that i'm acing you these quizzes yes i'm
writing you the answers what we doing
never writing down the stanzas imma tell
ya that i do it on my mic on past moving
yes i never need a compass i'll be
showing you that i might pass all these
dot-com
what we doing you know that i'm gonna
stack this rapid spiky flow you know
it's gonna be flowing through the cactus
yes i'm spiking yes i spill this lyric
on the nestle in your mind i do the
sickness through the illness eb getting
raps it's greater in your mind yes i'm
gonna be in the line animated in the
drive and i show you that i'm cartooning
on the line every day i'm gonna put the
smiles on your [ __ ] mind had to say
that we feeling like a saturday morning
when i flow inside your mind you're
gonna have to debate is he the dopest to
be spitting you the flows of the brain
i'm going to storm inside the thoughts
up in my brain yes the flow's inside my
veins never in vain with time they're
gonna remain on the line the legacy of
all these streams that i'ma lay press
and answer every day yes i'm pressing
you with letters that i press up on your
mind hold up what we do and fly to a
different type of level yes i animate
about i love it every day i'm gonna be
charged up yes it's plugged in in your
socket homie got the pocket homie i'm a
rocket only to the sky triple on it
homie it's a funk you yes you're gonna
see me spit your dysfunctional tv static
with the lyrics that i'm rapping in your
mind yes you're gonna see it so
attractive on the line you know that
does fit the contracts on the line yes i
got the traction yes i spoke your fire
out but back my mind i'm bastard you're
the lyrics blasting do you know i'm
gonna be casting me up on the movie that
i'm living and you knew he gonna be
different shifted willie literally
spitting yes i'm gonna be hopping
lilly's hopping on the rhythm you gonna
know i'm gonna be getting all the true
[ __ ] i'm gonna solve the answers got all
the solutions imma mix it the chemistry
i'm testing you know you gonna get
inside your mentals yes i'm gonna defend
this imma just tell you that i be just
funding for myself independent with no
pen i be dependent on the things i tell
you kind going to spell ya put you in a
spell ya
gonna be locked down so hypnotic with
the sound i'll be dropping on your mind
i show you i got the fly [ __ ]
in your environment you know that i'm
testing you the lyrics that i spit now
graduated on the lyrics yes i speak
words yes i'm testing all the chemicals
like it be beakers out the beak with the
words flying
kerry perez what you going to be doing
in the lion shouts out to michael vibin
dysfunctional in the room he be seeing
me flying just vibing just writing it's
goat cheese and husam we'll be finding
khan inside the rhymin
christian hanson
been the handsome dude tune in to this
[Music]
what's good out the door to be torn into
the tunes that i'm truly finding off the
top you know i'm in my move i
tell you that is what's good to the
people tune into the way you're spitting
jew groves hold up
how you gonna move move you know that
this picture of the little grove groves
ah yes you're gonna owes and your
noodles in for all the lyrics and the
information that i'm going to speed it
yes the textbook the lines that the best
looking vibes and i know that you're
going to learn from the way that i'm
going to teach a lecture so electrical
with all the shocking lectures i'mma
just be spit into your mind hold up no
you know that the rhythm going to find
how i flow bro what we doing you know
that i got fly lyrics flexing on them
kind of like i'm popeye i'm going to pop
eyes blow your minds away i'm going to
find time orient your sway you're gonna
find time to move coast to coast i'll be
the host with the most flows hold up
vote you're gonna want mo goat with the
way they smiling cheese and yes about
the chatter every time i'm rhyming yes
about the breaded fried lyrics yes
you're gonna want this in your mind yes
i got this ah [ __ ] what we doing whose
time sits in the room you know that i
spit you what you want hold up you know
that i spit the stanzas off the top of
my mind i'm solving solutions i got
answers yes i got the textbook [ __ ] hold
up got context for the lyrics that i'm
gonna spit yes you know i'm hooked in it
i'll be fishing for a flow deep diving
on the floor yes my eye floating on my
[ __ ] soul hold up
[Music]
yes i'm gonna be wiggling to the side
i'm gonna be spitting you the inside one
time when i was a little guy i found one
i throw the thing in my eye i was like
hold up what is that first time i saw
that yes i thought i was [ __ ] up so i
went to the nurse i was like i can't see
alright something's happening to me and
then they were like hold up my g that's
all good you're gonna be good homie yes
believe a lot of people got that [ __ ] in
their eyes believe that you'll be
getting better just find time to look
past so i did all right let me move on
ramble on with the gambled rhymes in the
soul hold up yes i scrambled with the
eggs in the flow yes i'm heating yes i
got the pot of the flow hold up you know
that i'll be at top with the flow never
stop bop bop then i know i'm gonna boom
back cool facts do whatever dudes that i
do it every day i choose facts who's
that with the boom bap type of flow yes
i'm going to use that you know that i'm
going to true raps in your mind include
that boom bap type of true fact i been
the dude it's crazy how i wanted been to
do it every day i'll be your influence
yes i'm going been fluent in the rhyme
and you know i'm in my lab every time
i'm mixing rhymes it's the chemicals i
try to be letting on your mind go
reflect like mirror yes you got the time
to look at yourself it's like say hi how
you doing i'll be living fine damn
alright let's be moving on to the beat
now
[ __ ] what's good
lost it for a sec there michael chillin
duking daisy one duke
coming through
ten people tuning two
the way that we spew
who the vicious guy he be spitting
ancient futuristic timely in the moment
type of timeless [ __ ] that you're gonna
want inside your mind hold up we be
[ __ ] flowing whoa
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
i'm gonna be grilling yourself at the
barbecue the bars being cute hold up
what we doing you know that i'm gonna
earn the flame g khan is on his rhyme
like adult mercedes oh hold up yes i'm
heeded like hades i'm going to tell you
devilish with flows i'm going to triple
sixes what we doing yes is plus one with
the way i'm feeling lucky three times in
the club hold up what we doing yes i
find rhymes kind of chilling in the love
like flick tie the holder car never
feeling blue like my tie die but the
blue tie die looking right on the line
so i find x2 the mind up in the line
tune into the rhymes that i'm gonna do
up off the top
[Music]
[Music]
lyrics in my mind yes i'll do it till
it's really yes i'm gonna feel the
really dope [ __ ] yes i see these lyrics
in my mind it's spinning vinyl like it's
cds hold up you see me you know i do use
these lyrical illusions ill with lows
i'm using heavy confusing
all the lies in your mind yes you might
be a user addicted to diction he gonna
predict in the scripture he don't spit
hold up what they do preaching you the
flow yes you're learning cause i'm
teaching that you're so electrical and
i'm electrical other wet little flow
that i'm gonna think in the riddles that
you're gonna need to rewind i know that
the fans are say hi to the people
listening so i can't rhyme i find the
time till you spit this grinding every
day yes i'm going to hit the kick flips
flipping you the lyrics up benign with
the kicks hippies wishing good sport
with the way i'm earning these ring
ships hold up guess i'm gonna be rocking
everyday up in the pocket say what you
got to say yes i'm gonna be inside my
brain got the storms you know that i got
the gold crown on top of rain hold up no
you know that i flow what you're gonna
want to tell you what your waning kind
is gonna be spitting you the lyrics yes
i got hot logical flows up
till i get the plaques that you need to
see behind hold up yes i'm staring illa
lyric says some climbing stairs out to
aaron miller through the wires through
the sky yes connected yes i'm timeless
vibe spit to everyday sail through the
ocean through the wires shout out to my
man quail you'll know that i'm gonna be
bumping lingering flows yes my club and
fingers gonna be bumping what's clubbing
fingers i'll be getting all these lyrics
yes i done wanna remember all these
definitions of the words that i wish i
don't have but you know i don't so i'm
spitting you my raps either way it's
time it's van verkle tonight who be
seeing my vision when i birth do these
rhymes yes it's in my optics guess to
spit the tactics yes i'm going to tell
you out to outer space a rocket kind
gonna be outrageous with the flow yes
you know that you move side to side
outside with all the vibes hold up you
know definitely moving on it be dudes
we'll be tuning to the strong who's gigi
he be gonna get you healthy yes i'm
eating vegetables like zucchini damn
hold up you know that i'm spitting you
alive every day yes you know i'm
cruising on my drive thomas van berkel
tune into the kind so is mike so is dude
who's time you go new kind gonna say hi
to x to the mind to the two yes you're
gonna find time to see me add two and
two yes there's gonna be fours mixed in
the lines till it's 16 versus gonna be
mean but you know i needed mo don't have
enough to fill up a 60 flow hold up what
we do we might need like 32 might need
like 60 phone might leave like two hours
hold up let me scour in my mind just
devour mics is what i always i be on
hold up what we doing yes installing you
the vibe in your drives clouded in the
brains yes i'm gonna find time to think
a little bit different with the lyrics
on the brink of living in the [ __ ]
rhythm khan showing you i'm going to
flow great every note che love come
through from jerry note hold up you know
that the flow divine arrives time is
getting all the love is 499. coming
through you know i'm gonna roll call on
a roll with the flow calls every day i
see michael mike i tell ya that i'm
feeling rarer cause i'm getting love
from sarah harry going to say hi to
kerry every time jerry sends a roll call
to harry mack shouts out to the goat
hold up what we do but yes i spoke yo
what you're gonna want who's time tune
into the dude i'm gonna do rhymes yes
it's so functionally on your tv
for the flows i took christian i know
that i'm christian in the flows
listening to dude gonna feel like church
hold up he be the goat whoa kind gon get
up on it shouts out to the dude is gonna
be chillin it be thomas on the line
times two and the rest of the chat just
arrest you with raps yes i got the balls
locked down i'm gonna be godly hold up
every double yes i'm gonna got this
lyrics you know that i'm gonna bleed out
thinking you my thoughts i'm gonna be
dripping fat like a sea cow hold up what
we doing you know that i handle there is
yes i'm cracking ankles rock your mind
all up on the court looking like it's
gravel what we doing you know that i got
the time to just do your other preach
hallelujah flows i'm gonna reach in your
mind and just do your one more better
than any religion feeling faithful on
the floor what we doing rap the fly the
lyrics and the sacrifice i'm gonna do up
in the seconds that i had to try to get
up in the rhyme every day yes your fine
kind at the top of his mind every rhyme
who's the dude who gonna sit there and
believe that the god gonna go and get
reliefs on your mind yes i'll blow your
mind twice
[Music]
when i spit upon it got their minds lost
looking so hypnotically like hip no i'll
be getting you drowsy sleeping on the
door now you dreaming for another rhyme
[Music]
shouts out to the people
shouts out
to the love
see jerry is coming through
and it's whosome 872
thomas van berkel coming through i knew
that goat cheese is gonna find time to
send the tune hold up what we doing
hold up
i want to change the box that was that
was dope i'm not gonna lie
no hate no hit
let me send
you
12 people on the line feeling like it's
top shelf levels of the love that i'm
finding in my mind toe sublime as the
sub gonna find time to bump every time
cause they're gonna be limelight on the
kind i show ya that the open kinds eyes
to the dope divine rhymes that not
spitting on your minds yes i'm growing
vines all up in your house douse fire
hold up burning house down kind gon
pronounce nouns and vows that gonna
bounce it's rounds that i'm taking in
the rhymes that i'm gonna announce in
your mind whoa hi like an ounce hold up
what we doing yes i got time to bump
jump hold up something different cause
the dude is going to give you what you
wanted in it yes i'm speaking tongues
with the flow it's sounding different
what we doing yes i got the language yes
i feel in anguish in the time that i be
spending now loving every second that
i'm spitting you the rhymes i do who
knew that i'm gonna formulate this
number one spot top phrases hold up you
know that i'm gonna be
getting out to do yes i'm gonna speak to
the people who gon bump to my rhymes yes
they customized to the dude chillin yes
i'm gonna find time to say what's good
to the dual tyson i say what's good to
my god it's kind yes i'm gonna be
exclamating that i'm winning points look
at scoreboard homie yes i got the time
on the flow who know that i'm gonna do
this this much hold up never dismiss the
touch that i'm gripping on the line you
know that the spitting flows yes you
know i'm going to spit the tactics khan
is flipping you these letters like it's
rap robotics whoa yes i got the rapper
antics every day yes i find the rapper
tactics yes i strategize the lyrics just
the actions going demanded hold up what
we doing yes proactive with the
proactive with reactions in the rhythm
that i'm wrapping hold up what we doing
yes i'm gonna cut it into sections yes
i'm into lyrics and the sessions that
i'm letting lessons lie on the line yes
i'm teaching you my blessings hold up
what we doing you know that i find
freeze kind so divine yes he spit it
really godly hold up you know that
that's bit fat flows yes i'm exiting out
your olds like it's tic-tac-toe
showing you that i'm getting on your
mind and see that i'm going to see you
in your mind yes i'm in my league oh yes
i beat premier khan going to be scoring
goals that you'd wish to see upping 90
volleys from the half line my g what we
doing
let's get it
let's get it smash that thumbs up please
you know that we moving connie's gonna
be choosing you to go and tuning to the
dude who choosing all these lyrical [ __ ]
i'll be the guy who i think the fine
kind to just rhyme i show you that i got
the rhyme identity identify how to say
that right next time who sign what's
good to my god i'm gonna had his in my
mind speaking english it's the language
that i'm gonna be twisting everyday
demand this different type of
understanding of the words that gonna be
blending like it's scrabble yes i'm
gonna grab bills of seconds and the time
that they spend i got receipts you're
gonna see it on your line hold up every
time that i be clicking live is the
proof that i'm going through the roof
with my rhymes hold up i guess i'm in
the booth every day it's a wrap your
khan academy flows every day you had to
sit there and take notes hold up it's no
notes with the flows and votes that i'm
gonna spoke hold up you gonna bump me
khan never need to go fund me yes i'm
gonna go fund me hold up what we doing
you know that i'm spitting you the
lyrics that but stop kind going to get
this deal down the block yes i got the
stock rising imma get up in statistics
that i'm going to be spitting hold up
what we doing do the fat freeze i'm
going to send love out to all humanity
who's that who just say flows yes he
bending colors through the sky like
rainbows through the cables you will
know i'm gonna do with gritty kind
shining light so bright i got the
lucidity hold up did i do that right i
don't know it's gonna be lucid dreams
that i'm thinking every time i rhyme i
might get really hydration with the wet
flow that i find and i know that there's
no debate gonna spit the rational flow
yes i'm passionate yes i know that i'm
clashing with your soul yes i'm gonna
stack fear put it in the trash look at
me or tell the dude that you're gonna be
the best and reflect upon my soul yes i
ponder in my dome the kind is gonna grow
and just find that every moment is the
dopest type of thing you gonna be living
and if you just get that rhythm every
moment then you living different hold up
yes you know i'm not thinking about the
future not thinking about the past
thinking bout the right now you know
that you're gonna ever last with the
legacy time this classic i might speak
hold up what we doing tangible we're
really excited i rap to you with relics
of the lyrics that i'm going to be
encaved in yes i'ma spit this kind is
going to be reading etched in my
hieroglyphics what we doing yes i'm
scraping through my mind and caved
inside the kind yes i'm going to get the
bars on your mind never spent no credit
card owning every dollar that i'm
throwing through my soul
kind going to be the scholar with the
skulls of quotes hold up in the skull
with all the quotes well hold up you
know that that be upon these lyrical
classic comedy like steve harvey honor
[Music]
what's good to people on the
line shouts out to the people chilling
with the kind
cause we're gonna be feeling really fine
you know that i'm gonna be earning yes
i'm working
and then i'll be lurking let me speak
this lyricist i'm sticking on your minds
i'm adding series yes it's integral with
lyrics then i'm spitting in these
thoughts yes i need to stick up all
adhesives in your line hold up
down find time to just put your entire
rhymes i might just lay down the law
every time i'm gonna say flows they be
coming through they say you're nice yes
they got their eyes just locked on the
live you're gonna see that there's no
debate gritty flows coming through your
city with creativity bro whoa see i'm
trying different flows yes i'm staring
hotter lyrics yes i'm climbing to the
stairs i'm rhyming everyday i'm sending
love to terra mana what's terra mana i
don't know if i'm gonna tear up through
your mana yes i'm gonna get your hp too
you're gonna see me yes i degrade the
tune hold up kill it yes i'm gonna be
villain yes you're chilling i'll be
spitting you the things you gon be
ripping listening to lyrics shining yes
they gonna glisten yes i'm rough with
all the lyrics yes like truffle they be
fancy with the way they feasting
[Music]
you are such a good dude but rap out
what aggravates you to swinging on
someone at the well hold up we did this
we did that
that's literally never been a situation
that i've been in cause i'm never
looking for that situation in the first
place you know
if that shit's gonna happen i'm gonna be
like
hold up why we doing this why we gonna
fight is this really what we want to be
doing right now no so if i'm gonna
figure out the problem solved yes we're
gonna check it for that yes you gonna
know and shake about it but you know
there are [ __ ] so you may need to
like take the [ __ ] boundary like hold
up that's not okay bro let's step back
and respect the way we gonna get our
actions right but
[Music]
if they stepping then you know we got
two yes you know we gonna duck yes you
know we're gonna punch with the lines
that the spit and my
[Music]
with the way i'm going to spit you the
bless free you're going to see me be a
refugee yes you're gonna see me
say
be a refugee inside my mind lost in the
thoughts that i'm gonna be dropping on
the live rap to you you know i'm gonna
spit the gratitude i'm gonna take my
action do it upon a scale of one to ten
i'm gonna be breaking fractions do what
we doing yes i'm gonna spit it a hundred
you want this con is gonna be rhyming
yes he be running tonight he's gonna be
on the contract signing yes you know the
kind always raps and he's rhyming yes
you know on scale of one to ten i be
gonna get two ten yes i enter in your
mind so demented yes you're tense with
the sentence that i done sent just
released the tension every time i've
said this kind it's gonna do this yes
intentional with the lyrics yes i'm
camping on your mind intentional hold up
what we doing yes intensive flow what we
doing yes i'm gonna do it every day i
lock it down i got your sentences bro i
lay down the law i'm gonna be dependent
on the flow i'm gonna death the flow
with no pain i'm gonna tell you that i'm
gonna be head yes i'm killing all the
flow hold up indoor with the clear view
watch your house yes you're feeling fine
like a window what we doing cracking
windows when i'm singing yes i'm
screeching through the rhythm yes you're
going to need it yes i'm going to be
speaking you the things you're going to
need to hold up yes i'll be your referee
inside the [ __ ] rhythm lost god go
yes i'm burning you the rhymes no road
rage nothing lol kidding road rage maybe
a little bit but still like why should i
cause a problem right now let's not
escalate you know that there's no debate
that that ain't the answer
ever so we gonna find a way to move
[Music]
what's your problem let me help figure
out what you're needing
shake up with the people inside of the
season
other guy turn into the
all the rhythms yes i done to pick the
puzzle pieces yes i'm cutting up i'll be
the puzzle builder what we doing yes i'm
going to smuggle you the hilda lyrics
across the country global yes you know
the vocals gonna grow inside your souls
bro hold up what we doing you know that
he spit the fluid bust your true [ __ ]
hold up trust the dude it's the best
time spitting you the flow so invested
in the time that i'm gonna spend hold up
never pending never penning yes
appending you the blended message in my
mind i sent the sentence yes i'm
pressing answer yes impressions gonna be
getting on your mind it's looking so
impressive what we doing think about it
yes i'm getting pensive yes you know i'm
going to spend the time it's so
expensive i
[Music]
tell you that you need this every time
i'm going around my goal
[Music]
in my mind vacation like all of our
[Music]
yes i'm changing all the pockets yes i'm
sipping gin and tonic yes i'm drunk up
on the spot i'm going to be twisted yes
i'm crossing inside the line i'm getting
high
i show you that i'm going to spit the
true bang
other flows yes i'm in the clan of
wu-tang sending love to the legends and
i say hi to the people chilling wish
that was that the case but you know that
that's not
so let me not flex like something i'm
not
let's move on hold up it's fire you know
i'm gonna go aspire to be the fire dude
i floated telling me that i'm the fire
you do guess i'm gonna accomplish my
goals right now my dude what we doing
yes you know i got to include the lines
yes i'm getting to these biblical
[Music]
tell y'all that i'm gonna spit your
lyrics yes i'm gonna spell y'all what
you gon want now kind getting up to
different type of levels yes you're up
to something different cause you're
gonna do it
ah every night it's gonna be hours
[Music]
[Music]
yes i'm going to be getting in my mind
look at mirror i'ma see the guy who just
living free in his mind yes is dopa yes
i'm going to be cutting beats ferocious
what we doing yes i'll grab it yes i'm
going to be rocking your mind i'm going
to be cooking like it's granny what we
doing what we doing kind of going to
beat the lyrics yes i'm bumping through
it i'ma show y'all that i'm going to
spew truth yes connected wireless
writing through your bluetooth yes i'm
off the show with logic yes you're going
to be in first place but you know that
what's coming gonna make your face blue
now hold up break out of michelle and
make your face explode now i'll be
winning races well hold up
uh shouts out
to mario kart
[Music]
how we feeling
[Music]
lucky lucky lopez
[Music]
unless you got beats unless y'all got
beats from me did i miss a beat request
we gotta switch it up a little bit
[Applause]
what type of vibe do we want see that's
the
[Music]
let me tell you
the guy who put a spell on me to be
magic
that they ain't be seeing me it'd be
tragic
ah spitting you you get expanded in your
mentals hold up instrumentals don't be
blasted through the rule cool dude who
showed the proof that your roof poofs
yes i'm breaking through it who knew it
the dude gonna choose it
getting greatness in his mind i thought
that i'm gonna be getting meditation
every time that i'm only tuning into the
thoughts right up in my mind you know up
in the moment yes up in the rhythm i'll
be sifting you're the presence yes you
know i'm gonna be feeling really gifted
now hey how we doing ay curious you're
feeling scary cause i killed a beat yes
it's gory with the flow free every time
i'm gonna step up you know you're gonna
know me every time i'm gonna let wonder
flow down in your mind downtown's bounce
kind got the loud proud route every time
i'm stepping in your mind every day i'm
teaching you the lectures in the con
trying to lack electricity every time i
elect cities to be getting through
one too much now
let me tell you that this picture what
y'all
logically i'm just gonna be sipping on
the chronic i breathe high with the free
i'm saying hi if he
perez mike is gonna know he's gonna do
the flow free air vanilla in the room
high g lucky lopez tune into the dude i
flow d swishing yes i'm going up to the
sky yes i'm dripping and i'm dropping
through your minecon duncan you're the
lyrics yes i'm in my lane kind is going
to show you that he always fade away cut
it yes up off the top yes i faded hey
how we doing yes i'm going to be the
barber as the bar burns flames in your
mind just a barber cold with the way i'm
freeing off the [ __ ] mind i show you
that i'm slicing through the weather
tell you that i do this whether or not
they enter i'ma tell ya that i sent the
lyrics as a center different type of
levels yes i'm gonna get to
the mental state of mind that i'm
entering tonight gonna be making so
divine feelings enter in my mind yes i'm
cutting
on a beat right now yes i'm telling you
rebuttals on the rhythms it be telling
me you should be moving but i need to
lock it down with this [ __ ] fluid
gonna bump up till they gonna be yelling
cowabunga ah tell your dad i'm gonna be
jump on on your mind rap all the lyrics
they gonna stand tall to the god now
imma step up i'm gonna look down at the
rhyme yeah
now we equal yes you need the sequel yes
i'm gonna tell you that i do deceive you
with the way your gel tunes wiggling the
sweet truth hold up what we doing chili
chill yes i'm gonna be really ill every
time i merely build every time i billy
build every time you feel the real
lyrics that i'm feeling ill thoughts in
my mind stick inside your mind's
sickness every day viral on the lyrics
that i say imma never be final do it
till it's everlasting and your mind is
blasting oh my god i passion and italy
move through lies yes you're gonna need
me every time i'm moving rhymes hold up
delivery gonna be moving through your
mind yes i'm gonna be building yes i'm
trucking through the drive con
[Music]
let's get it
let's get it
how we doing how we doing dj turtle in
the room aaron miller in the room
if y'all got words i got bars
[Applause]
you know that i'm going to be feeling
really true right now
[Music]
did you thought this was now you know
that i'm going to spit it yes it's all
the time hold up yes i'm going to tell
you that i'll be superior to flows yes
i'm in my mind yes i find interior
design really fine cause i'm living in
the rooms of the mansions in my mind got
the field yes i'm building you the
lyrics that just find time to be
entering the riots cause i'm speaking on
the mic it's really crazy how i think
about it
gonna say hi now i'll buy you like a
crocodile i tell you that i'm gonna be
finding lines in my mind and i'll
[Music]
throw the fire 20 people on the line yes
i do it overnight what we doing you know
that the flower tunes inside your mind
yes i'm never temporary no hotel room
i'm going to be sleeping really dope in
the flows that imma own right up in my
dome yes they won't be sleeping on me
too but you know i'm gonna go with
septic like dicaprio and i know it's no
cap with all the flows and all rios yes
the rivers of the flow that are free
inside your dome you know that is gonna
be the guy who gonna flow off the top
i'm gonna decapitate a flow hold up what
we doing yes you have to tune into the
package of the movement whoa yeah some
rappings have the standards and i know
i'm gonna show you that i'm talking
averages i'm gonna tell ya that done
spitting through the lyrics yes it's
magic yes it's tragic that i put you in
a spell y'all gonna tune in to me yes
it's gonna be hypnotizing what we doing
yes you need to be hip to the guy gonna
be just spitting through the lyrics and
the logic hold up what we doing pockets
sounding like a connor
through the mountains i'll be climbing
it be nineteen people tuning to me yes
i'm gonna find these steps up in my mind
yes i'm gonna be gripping on the rocks
yes i'm rocking your mind hold up what
we doing grab a branch of tree hold up
no but it's gonna be avalanche now we
fall down to our death that should
probably happen to at least one person
in this life my g that's crazy put
inside the lines all the stories that
i'm thinking in the [ __ ] vibes yes
i'm gonna show you that the mic is ash
now so you better go there and like and
smash or smash the like now [ __ ] what
are we doing
make sure the likes smashed now
would have been better shouts out to the
17 people in the room it's he who do the
improvised vibes it's iconic on a mic
it's go cheese with the guy it's dj
turtles online too but i think we need
to do some sort of hype to him
some sort of hype tune hold up hold up
we're gonna we're gonna pick a beat
we're gonna pick a beat
[Music]
to turn us up real quick
let me let me tell ya hold up i think
this will do it
this is what i actually wanted i want to
do some trap [ __ ]
we got it we gotta we gotta try it
you know see
spitting you crazy
ah
lyrical phrases hold up what we doing
yes i'm gonna tell you that i'ma throw
you the lyrics
[Music]
all of the lyrical movements what we be
doing yes i'm gonna say this lyric
arrangements i got the [ __ ] range in
the lines and you know i'm gonna be
stranger with the rhymes and you're
gonna see me so it's strange in my mind
give you what you need every day that i
rhyme hold up what we doing yes i'm
gonna dip into the lyrics yes i'm gonna
do it with some inequity what's
integrity i'mma go and equate to the
gritty flow in this city hold up what we
do
gonna say these lyrical cold yes i got
the brain freeze thoughts of my dawn
gonna be [ __ ] hurricanes gonna be
blizzards in my mind i'm gonna be wizard
on a mic i'm gonna tell you that i'm
gonna do me there is cooking up i'm
gonna be grilling up this is cuisine
cuisine gonna be the guy hold up on cue
with the lean lines what we doing kinda
gonna spit your rhymes you're gonna want
this i spit your vibes you're gonna drop
this and they got this on your mind kind
of blowing up iconic hold up you know
that i'm gonna erupt your flow yes i'm
gonna interrupt all the people who think
they're gonna rock all the lines like
the dude no no luck i'll be putting all
the time in the second you know that i'm
gonna say greatness kind you know that
the work won't be painstaking but you
know the pain gonna be high stakes every
day when you try to do this [ __ ] with no
mistakes kid hold up what we doing yes
i'll get you this fate every day that
i'm gonna be speeding just accelerate to
a different type of level yes i better
orchestrate you delirious i'm banned to
the lyrics that i say hold up what we
doing you know that i'm taking the last
man all the smiles that i'm spitting yes
i'll be the craftsman all the lyrics
just i'm crafting smiles every night you
know that i'm wrapping miles other
[ __ ] rhymes got the distance bit this
intricate the indication
that you're
yes you're going to see dude yes i'm
going to do this [ __ ] that you always
into hold up indicate that the dude
going to be great because he entered all
the lyrics yes there's going to be no
debate as he dictates the phrase every
day yes you know that i never hesitate
to be great meditate upon a phrase start
this really different with the chits
hold up what we doing yes i spit your
[ __ ] mist every day it'd be mystic
it's so dismissive with the way they
don't take that i'm gonna spit this hold
up get this in your mind one time real
[ __ ] quick let me tell you that this
really [ __ ] sick yes you gonna know
that i'm building break by break what we
doing kind
telling you he's feeling so fine
ah
do it with ease each and every [ __ ]
time
damn
lost the pocket hands
yes they always blow up i'm gonna be
lying in your mind king kind yes i
maintain the main stage every time i
rhyme i'm gonna go and birth you all the
phrases every day you're gonna circulate
this inside your mouth up in your veins
birthing your deliverance and the
thoughts that gonna say that you're
[ __ ] great kind making you smile yes
i'm going fine time to define all the
violent lines that are cutting through
the markets i'm killing it yes you're
gonna be chilling with the lyrics like a
pill in this hold up what we doing so
we're peeling with little delivery that
that's peeling inside of my mind yes you
know the citrus blend into [ __ ]
juices then you're gonna feel so healthy
when you're listening to other rhymes
with the kind gonna spit spin your
wetness like a hurricane hurry kind they
be coming through the line so you need
to [ __ ] storm all your thoughts yes
your brain gonna know what is right hold
up what we doing yes i write quotes
can't do it big yes i never micro i know
that i spit you all these waves heat
just spin the lyrics like this [ __ ]
microwave you gon know let them grow as
far flows can't do it macro economically
tragically
economically demanded with the raps bro
got supply
god
do it off the top blow it like the palm
in my palm
i hold all the bars
on time
every miller come through
keep grooving he says so we keep doing
this feel blessed that they tuning
to this text that i'm spewing
[Music]
hold up
let me switch it up
this a little interlude you know that we
into these things that we doing every
day that the speaker these trees kind
let's get funky
see
this is
off the top of khan
[Music]
lyrical the truth that i do aspire to be
spitting you some pyro technically the
fire engineering every day you're
spitting yes i'm nearer to another lover
clearer and you're gonna see me [ __ ]
your lyrics yes they smiling ear to ear
bro con gonna steer critted from all the
hate baby spewing yes i'm gonna steer
clear from the lies baby's doing yes i'm
gonna hear ye define king khan be the
king of rhymes i might be a lion in the
line on the main stage yesterday take
that rhyme and plug it into a funk top
rhyme to hold up yes it's so conspicuous
as kind spice to his flavorful with the
quality he be spitting this crow crazy
how i'm gonna taste the phrases no
wasting with the time as i lift your
brains get so high you gon say hi to the
god yes you're gonna dream to be living
like the god cause you flow when you're
the mean lyrics right up off the top and
you know the mountain i'ma climb ground
beef to the mountaintops and you know
the fountain drops every day i let it
wet on your mind and you know cement is
gonna rock all the line just he meant to
say that he be on a walk with the rhymes
if i'm strolling on a bomb holder what
we doing you know that i see flows
swishing yes i see you clearly like a
free throw this be a free throw cause
i'm throwing you the wet style that i
see bros right up in the sweet flow ceo
with the sweet flow finding dandy and
some rhyming candy kind showing you i'm
gonna have the rap be kind going to do
it every day he always do tap into the
line that i'm bumping in your mind so
suspicious when
but you know that just be assimilation
to next flow and you're going to see me
acting silly with a great goals what we
doing you know that i'm going to spit
you yes i'm birthing you the lyrics and
i know the ceo is always lurking and
you're going to see me spit the flows
i'm [ __ ] it up birthing all the
things you gonna be wanting yes i'll
raise it to a
[Music]
hold up always the one you know that i
see these lyrics this is everything that
you need yes i'm speaking yes i'm gonna
be clean g like a squeegee i be squeaky
wet with the flow that i do detect just
a defeat best of the other people
thinking they got wet flows no
yes i'm going to tell you that i never
deserve flows you know they're just
pitching all the lyrics in my domes whoa
khan gonna need to spit you the ill
flows you know that i'm on this rebuild
mode every day but i'm winning
championships rebuilding cause i need to
do it [ __ ] different i'm gonna tell
ya that i'm switching all the flows yes
the situation gonna be exposed up in my
dawn cone gonna take a pose composing
you the lyrics in the lines that i'm
gonna spew in the measures yes i write
you a different type of tune every day
i'm gonna connect with all the lyrics
that i spew hold up
move and you're gonna find time to just
your gonna
bump kind every day cut the rhyme on the
bunk now hold up what they doing they
gonna jump now yes i had to say let the
flow pull you in gonna gravitate on the
lines you know that i'm gravel rocking
in your mind just stepping yes i'm
always walking on the vibe and i know
that i'm gonna spit hot [ __ ] i'm gonna
say what's good to the gods and the
rhyme mate team gonna turn to the great
feet that the lions feature kind yes
you're gonna be christian now concrete
now with the hard drive storage on your
mind yes you know i got the volumes of
the kind
uh
[Music]
see the way that we move in
hold up hold up you know that we go up
go up yes you gonna see me spit it's no
resistance through the circuitry i'm
gonna connect your energy yes conduct
your energy in the answers of mommy hold
up in the center of the kind yes i'm
gonna be so demented on the line
condimental rhymes spicy with the rhyme
imma show you that i be so elemental
with the flow hold up you know that i'm
on my course bro yes i'm never core
smooth flows coming out the duel yes
it's intercourse when uh uh what we
doing yes i want ah yes you gon see this
something gonna feel so different when
i'm gonna spit it tell flair everyday
shouts out to bel air yes i'm gonna bail
phrases off the top ringing every day
when it rings it's extra innings yes
you're gonna see me air you a different
brain tune kind of gonna get up on your
tv dude he be rude with the sweeter
tunes say hi to the people who'll be
listening to the god hey how you doing
i'ma fly kind gonna get together
subtitle ties what's that i don't know i
got addictions put the flows in letters
that i'm spitting got the diction yes
prediction going to be the kind it's
gonna be on his mission every night he
rhyming g
[Music]
that i'm living faithful to the flow got
the scripture yes i'm going to read it
what we doing breathing you another
level of love inside the season of the
kind yes the reason is cause i be seeing
your smile when i be speaking the wild
the type of flow that you find to bring
your eyes feeling fine you know that
you're gonna be prone to me they won't
do the type [ __ ] that they do hold up
you know that i'm spitting you the flow
go up bro every time i'm rhyming yes i'm
gonna do this yes i'm gonna be slipping
like an anaconda what we doing and i
kinda thought i could be ramming harder
rapping harder yes i'm in your ammo in
your memory got the soul remedy yes
don't just see the flow energy dull with
the clever free now spinning you're the
lyrics yes i'm leaving really losing
with the way i'm dreaming tb doing this
[ __ ] yes it is the season of the kind
let me tell you that i'm gonna flow rise
above the people who gon tell me that i
don't do the flyer stuff about the top
of my dome now i'm gonna say words out
to dude who just let your lighted sir
tune into the line yes you know i do
deserve all the love inside the line and
they gon deserve a bar from the guy as
he gonna rise above any hate that any
other guy might say so you know i say
hey to the people seeing me slay the lot
of rhymes just i'm parking on your mind
yes i'm arcing at the rain yes i'm
dropping you the line just the storms up
in my thoughts go through my [ __ ]
blood yes i'm gonna be so relative with
the flows it's in the blood yes i said
it kid yes the sediment couldn't rock
harder than the kid imma show you that i
said it yes i meant it i'm gonna tell ya
that is getting so demented as he
carrying instrumentals off the mental
feeling elemental yes essential with the
way i'm setting on your venue's kind
every day i'm burning stages down inside
your mainframe every day i'm getting on
your mind
rapper flowcon tell you then tagalog
they gonna tag along as the dude is
gonna rap and log in clicking on it
clocking into the rhyme
documenting every line
kind hit and enter on the live stream
and you're the fifth sentence on my mind
sent the tension away now i just got to
say that i'm feeling really great got
the energy let the people go tune in to
the way you do this tune and you sway
this way
sway this way
hold up you know that i'm telling you
that
[Music]
hold up
if i'm skipping beats it's because i've
done them so much
that's the only reason i'm skipping
some i've done to the point where it's
like all right we gotta let it breathe
you know you know when you gotta let a
beat breathe
[Music]
gotta let the beats breathe homie
[Music]
let me
say hi to them
[Music]
22 on the line as i
let the beat breathe
[Music]
gonna let the beat breathe let the beat
breathe yes essential lyrics and my
mental yes you know i'm gonna get this
breath i'll leave you breathless yes i
tell ya that you're feeling very
stressless as the dude lock it down i'm
gonna rest this hold up yes you're gonna
see the dude he restless always bitten
you the lyrics time is so expensive but
you know i spend it yes my mind is
feeling intensive every time i'm gonna
do it never need a pencil he's gonna
tell y'all that does fit the great kind
is [ __ ] up but be as we gon misbehave
hey how we doing yes i flow the dopest
lyrics yes the people see it too they
annoyance all the other people thinking
they be on the brink of spitting
something they be thinking in the rhythm
different with the way i'm going to be
giving you the free he's going to be
pressing cds gifting you
the energy
[Music]
shifting tools
we better let
debris we should know
the dude is gifted too
feeling all this energy
you better you better you better let the
breath breathe hold up yes arrest me
cause i killed the beat yes i prosper in
the lyrics got the roster of the freeze
what we doing yes i get your high like
roster when i speak yes i spit the truth
it's never gonna imposter you with
freeze what we doing yes i'm in your
noodles in your pastas g what we doing
kind spitting you the lyrics how to
freeze i show you that i flow mad never
need a notepad yes you notice that i
always go mad spit your all the vicious
free on time with delivery frequency
going to be waving high when i speak
imma isolate i'm oscillated in my mind
khan just gots to be the greatest on his
mind i show you that i flow roll roll in
my
never left your board yes possessing
souls excessive with lows whoa
yes you gonna see me free udcd
get the energy
you better let the beat breathe
[Music]
yes the letters gonna bleed
in my mind
i'm gonna let me breathe take a breath
yes i left the deep dead
of the head
let it breathe let it breathe
yo
appreciate y'all
i
just had to get into a little
a little song vibe
what we doing what we doing
[Music]
let's picture all the energy
i'd rather let the beat break i
should've let it breathe to the end till
it fade away i'll [ __ ] that up my g
[Music]
let me tell you that i get the inside
the essence yes i'm gonna be present in
the lines yes i'm pressing your mind to
a different type of level yes the spaz
bars kind of going to dance is handy a
dead star
[Music]
expansive with the raps that i be
slapping in your mind hold up in my
mantle in my core yes i'm going to scour
flames words every day feeling like a
power ranger cause i got the range of
the power yes i'm flowing you the
current and the voltage on your [ __ ]
lines hold up what we doing yes i'm
gonna be outlawed from the beat every
day cause i got on and i just killed it
yes i feel this way every time i'm gonna
go and feel this eleven peeps got the
team that be winning and it seems that
i'm top the standards every time i'm
kicking you these freeze whoa huh gonna
slap up in your don't comp on the
internet's cafe with adding energized
flows wake up to the dude 27 people know
that we get in tune with the lyrics in
my mind yes i get pure kind gonna always
get in line yes i enter the beat every
day it's not even enduring homie i'm
gonna love to do this every day i'm
gonna be birthing stories hold up what
we doing kind gonna like the lantern
amped words going through my mind had to
handle on cracking ankles yes they gonna
be on your phone with these amber alerts
whoa saying hold up yes my leg cracked
in the middle when he hit the [ __ ]
flex yes i'm crossing over your mind
with all the flows yes i'm spinning you
english linguistics yes i'm swishing
through khan gonna tell ya that i'm bout
to bank of the time that they spent it's
expensive with that hold up it's pensive
the facts they're gonna be entering khan
gonna just be letting go right up in the
raps now i show you that i'm gonna shook
your mind slicing you're the beef
everyday the butcher yes i'm gonna be
shaking up with people took your mind
the love way yes you're gonna see me go
above haze i'mma lavish in the line
every day can it it be ravished i don't
know exactly what ravish means but you
know i'm looking fresh so ravishing i
gonna be the guy who'll be getting
mental off the top my mind i increase
the temperature temperamental damn [ __ ]
me up with that word man luck gonna be
on my side when i'm sending love to the
people on the line tune into my rhymes
yes i'm gonna be innovations they be
clapping every night yes i'm innovating
every day with all my rhymes i show you
that the flow tactics yes it's ancient
old school so so nostalgic hold up you
gon want this yes i'm gonna flow
standards every day yes i keep the rhyme
balance in your brain you know that that
ball yes you're feeling antsy as i'm
stepping up you know i cross over i'm
dancing with the ball i'm dribbling yes
i'm gonna be spitting never need to
scribble yes i ride the riddles in my
mind i fiddle stringing theories
breaking through your roofs every day
you do believe me he the reason
let the people speaking
[Music]
what we do
[Music]
shouts out to the dudes in the room 25
going to move
with the vibe let me just send the love
to the people you know how much i feel
oh [ __ ] it's hypnotic in the room and
hypnotic
on the tune
that coincidence is nothing but true
shouts out to the two
[Music]
see
let me go and show you what i'm feeling
when i'm sending love to the people in
the line we be living in the rooms of my
mind and i'm thinking that i'm feeling
true with you guys
don't you feel the energy all the smiles
that you see when you just tuning you
know that the dude who build it gonna be
great my g but you know we gonna be
moving ah two spartacles gonna know what
sparking holds you the art up in my dome
every day i got to flow oh i show you
that i do the testaments getting 99
euros sensing this i'm gonna show you
telling you i'm spitting you the doper
word shot never that yes i'm going to be
confident in lines kind of dead inside
your mind yes i'm earning dividends i'm
stalking all the rhymes i'm gonna be
knowing where they at i'm gonna be
growing yes i'm flowing you the lyrics
and the facts that i be
getting in your mind to bless to be set
i'm gonna test all the invested flows in
second spence when it gets me to
different levels broken yo mind feeling
really right
i'm gonna ride flowing
[Music]
fluid with the lyrics that i'm choosing
who is dude dreaming every second lucid
what we doing never losing yes i tighten
up the flow i might gonna lose in yes i
got the range of the way i twist your
brain yes the mixture of the phrase
gonna never refrain to be the great [ __ ]
that you tune on to rewind hold up what
we doing fine kind spare the line wide
up yes i'm going to spit you the fly
rhymes yes revive guys who don't die now
from the flows and the rhymes i show you
that i'm in your mind's
gonna know if i'm feeling true through
horizons i'll be bumping yes the sun
rhyme now i'll raise it yes i'm gonna
see i'm gonna find time to just take him
to horizons now
yes you're gonna see me get the request
on beat and my quest is to detect the
text and freeze that imma get when the
beat gonna tell me how to flow inside
the lines and inside the nouns and
inside the vowels that i'm gonna be
sending in the letters i'm spending
seconds yes it's never pending always
lending your mind i'm never pending just
depending on the rhyme you're appending
you the series of the lines yes you
gonna see me yes i'm gonna speak these
lyrical the things you're gonna be
needing hold up what we doing is the
season of the god cause you're feeling
really different when he gone wrong yes
i got tones in the notes and i'm tone
with the flows and i'm flexing your text
that you're off to just know your site
author flow with the books in my dome
and i write you the graphs yes i pair
you the graphs and i show you the facts
whoa
hold up what we doing you know that i'm
feeling [ __ ] true inside the lie
you're gonna find
you're gonna find love every time you
tune into the rhymes i
flow to your mind shout out jerry who be
tuning into the guy
throwing the beat request with the five
he's the best
yes he gonna be sitting with the guy
how we doing on the lie
23
on the lie i'm feeling goated homie let
me focus on the flow [ __ ] oceans of flow
notions
[Music]
no they don't know this and they don't
notice either so
i'mma tell it only to the 24
in the room right now you know that is
bumpy pro with the way i'm entering my
mind i do the duels this
let me show you this production every
day the kind is going to tell you that
he introducing you to a different type
of lime i won't be spitting you the
strings i'm gonna be sending you the
things you're gonna be need to think on
i'm gonna evolve in the line involving
the rhyme every day i'm gonna be solving
tonight i'm gonna dissolve in the rhyme
what we doing i'm gonna try to be
spitting all of the rhymes and i got to
say
that the hot rhymes in my brain gonna be
[ __ ] commonplace i'm in boston you
know the boston climbing place chilling
in the rhymes yes i'm gonna be parking
in your lots i show you that i'm walking
through the park strolling yes i'm gonna
be on your [ __ ] drive eye show ya'll
that i heard it done different but you
know i'm gonna axle burden some said i
need to spit a little bit of sifted type
of letters and the riddles that i fiddle
with is string and you're the better
flows whoa yes i feel astronomical hold
up yes it's comical did they be thinking
they be in the spaces that the dude is
rocking into you know i'm rocking in
tunes inside your [ __ ] mind heard
what he got to say in the flow serve
acing at the quizzes yes i'm writing
down the quizzes and i'm testified with
the lyrics and the testaments of time
that i'm gonna be spending on a mock
spit this kind gonna be presidential on
the mala clinton what we doing yes i'm
gonna be getting in the flow man
throwing you the cold on a roll tight
flow like a snowman building you're the
things that you're gonna be seeing every
day i fly words wiser with the graphics
in my mind i be designer whoa i might
say you're the spicy phrase khan is
gonna be cold yes it's ice age every
time that the dude freeze off the
[ __ ] brain hey what we doing yes you
wish it maintained on the lane but you
know that it's not fortunate you had to
go homie that's a loss for you cause the
dude is bossing in the flow we chilling
out embossing just
lay down the law every rhyme gonna be
legal he's gonna be king yes he regal
and i know that they always asking him
for sequel he be
[Music]
[Music]
lyric
the way you want it yes i'm going to
extrapolate the things you're going to
be wanting when i'm going to wrap your
lyrics just extract your lyrics in my
mind i'm making traction with the text
that i'll be rapping i hold up what we
doing contracts signed yes you're going
to know i'm going to be spinning on my
drives vinyl cassette kinda rhymes yes
you're gonna wanna blast them on your
drive what we doing now showing you it's
everlasting legacy when rahman khan is
on it every day i'm gonna be honest
never gonna compromise the con promise i
made to the rhymes
[Music]
it
let me do it yes i rap you truly
different
making contact yes i rap you're so
tactfully with it
so tactically different yes i'm gonna
rap through the [ __ ] lyrics in your
mind had to happen on my spirit now i'm
gonna be tapping to the things i'm gonna
be spearing in your mind experience the
stereo lyrics that i'm driving inside
your mind searing i got the fire now i'm
breaking through your ceiling yes i got
a roof that i ain't built yet a homie
got to do lay down the foundation as i
found out how to rhyme right up in your
nation i find out that i
of the confines as a fine time to just
throw your [ __ ] hot round space light
hard dock freestyle trap type beat yes
you know that i might find raps off the
me on that beat hold up cause it be
coming through two euros and i stir your
all the love that i must feel kind gonna
tell your daddy spinning gravity pull
you in yes i'm spiraling the lyrics and
the rest my g i show you that it's
spinning on the vinyl yes it's never
final yes you listen on the duty in the
pocket yes you dock it and you're gonna
know that i'm gonna spit it yes i got to
[ __ ] go to a different level get
inside your mind i'm going to kill a
beat i send it out to heaven yes it's
telling me that it's really free out
here will that be how i already leave so
imma never leave i'll be in my moment
now in the moment after death and you
know i take a breath till i don't but i
do then possess a different type of
animated type of vibe inside the
lifetime won't be living after that i
don't know what's gonna happen but you
know i find out that's a fact and i show
you that i'm thinking you the lines they
shaking yes you know i'm got the flows
that be vibrating i got the vibe that
they rating top 10 on their mind every
time they waiting for them to clock in
online with the phrases whoa
slow the raps yes i sunshine got the
soul of breast solar blast yes inside my
soul and brass imma show you that i'm
going to spaz on the beach you know that
i'm going to flow the wraps on my
what we doing hold up you know that i'm
going to say a mean flow would be gross
out to raven scene be a raven yes they
gonna be raven see me dancing yes i'm
flying yes i'm pronounced to be the guy
who'll be spitting you the ounces of
your heart ah show you that i'm spitting
you then clearly type vibe you're gonna
want it yes i'm striking like a media
right i got the media rhymes i got the
beefier rhymes you gonna know that i be
speaking refined you're gonna see me
cooking with the books inside my mind
i'm recipe with the way you never let
them test me hold up you know that i'll
never stop rock on every day yes i got
the [ __ ] pop rocks rocking on your
mind and i'm sizzling on the mind and
i'm fizzing yes i'm drizzling yeah the
rain up off the thoughts
how you doing
we'll be giving you a different type of
tune dude what we doing got the fire yes
i'm feeling really lucky yes inspire you
to [ __ ] [ __ ] with me
what we doing you know that i'm spitting
you the sweet best friends
tripping yes upon a journey in my mind
let the colors blend yes the phone lsd
i'm gonna hand the l you know the sd not
hd can't see clearly tight wack free
that they gonna be speaking me
let me tell ya that i'm gonna tell them
they on drugs spitting you the vicious
flow con gonna do it man you will land
digital automatic with the flow
tactics of the flow i feel like we had a
beat request from the dude spar toko
says ah spar
with the clothes
that go
that gone
go coast to coast but i want to say go
that don't span
but like with an r you know
[Music]
how we doing whose time i got you next
tommy
let me let me let me tell you that i'm
moving yes i'm gonna be just be giving
you the lyrics that you're gonna lead
and hold up what we doing yes i'm gonna
speak the quotes gonna never [ __ ]
presuppose that he gonna do this
let me earn it yes i'm gonna bet this
wanna get up on the screen frame my
frame like a movie that he don't build
like netflix what we doing this i got
the rare refreeze khan is gonna
yes i do spit the vicious you know
what's so impressious ah impressive with
the lyrics that i'm pressing no
competition the time is gonna be pinning
you the message imma just descend it you
know i'm going to spark freeze i'm going
to tell you that i'm going to spit the
spiritual rg you're going to see me
spitting you the father's prayer freeze
khan is going to get the seconds very
monetary time is money yes my money
gonna be spent on khan yes he thinking
different with the [ __ ] he shifted in
the lines
hold up what we doing yes i'm gonna tell
you that i need to take a deep breath
gonna get so deep he got the deep that's
what we doing you know they don't wanna
spit this lyrical [ __ ]
prescription you're the scripture that
the dude is gonna be spitting yes a
picture gonna be built every time that
he be spitting yes i got a thousand of
them yes it's gonna be infinite with the
way i'm gonna be up in adam inside your
memory he just tell you these there is
dee the intermediary
he gonna be the guy who gonna be
spitting yes i'm gonna deploy this
lyrically divine [ __ ] work on it like
employment hold up you know you gonna
see me enjoy it yes i'm gonna see the
best freeze that's a spell of doubt like
i'm p-i-m-p and i know i'm gonna pull
ignore kind of that he be moldable on
the line just recovery of the flows it
seems that i'm gonna be needing to be
doing when i speak all up on the floor
when you're gonna find kind be the
divine god i'm just gonna show you that
i spit in you all the [ __ ] kind
rhymes
let's get it
shout out spartacus on the beat
[Music]
shouts out to the people who see why is
my phone not on
silence my g
it be raving
i got you
[Applause]
[Music]
shouts out raven scene
this one gonna be for g we'll be coming
through with the ten c hey we be feeling
great hey got the dollar now i'm feeling
like the scholar cause they wanna hear
me say yeah rhymes that gonna be in size
fitting in infinite flows right up in
your eyes ah show ya that i'm getting so
incised with the way i'm spitting you
the lyrics yes i'm cutting up the lyrics
yes i'm entering your spirit what we
doing spitting this yes i'm gonna be
spitting these decisions of the lines
yes i'm gonna be slicing through the
lyrics that i'm spitting yes i'm deep
inside these incisions yes i'm burning
khan gonna kill your bod with the way
i'm cutting on it like a surgeon i show
you that i'm gonna be bumping yes the
words man yes i've done this i'm gonna
tell ya that i'm gonna have to fly i got
the sword in my hand slice samurai i'm
gonna show you that i'm gonna make
incisions get up yes you know i'm gonna
kill your [ __ ] splinters yes i'm
gonna spit this kind is gonna be
sticking right up under your skins yes
he'd be [ __ ] different yes you're
gonna be itching for the dude addicted
to the addiction yes you're gonna
predict this kind is gonna enter your
mind i'm gonna cut up a mock i'm gonna
be bumping you the lyrics yes and size
of your mind you're gonna see me yes i
feel in if you liquid homie i'm a madder
g let me tell ya that the making matter
that i'm making rappers matter g what we
doing yes i'm going to tell you that the
rapper don't matter when the duel gonna
be spitting you the tragedies ah killing
you the beast you're so slicing
paradises every time i'm going to fly
them yes you're going to find them on
your mind never gambled always on a
ramble in my mind i'll be telling you
i'm cooking scrambled type of minds yes
i crack your eggs with the lyrics that
they try alright you know i'm gonna be
slicing up the vibe that's enough on
incision yes i need to move on shout out
to the dude raven scene is he coming
through i be crazy with the way that i'm
gonna speak your [ __ ] freeze yes i
spit this i spritz this up on all this
bliss [ __ ] you have to know that i'm
gonna spit you the mixtures of flows in
fixed inside the lyrical mixtures other
things i'm gonna be spitting yes i got
the ordinances yes i got the maps built
in my mind i got the gps to flow yes i
find all my coordinates i tell you
they're defined days flows and i know i
added syllables on days lyrics so maybe
that wasn't high grade but you know that
it probably earned a high grade maybe
like a maybe a minus b plus but you know
i'm gonna do it till i get the a plus
and you're gonna see me say stuff but
enough never that hold up what he be
doing with the raps you're gonna want
another one to keep it haunted yes or
done i'm gonna be moving in your mind
you're gonna be wondering how he gonna
dawn it yes it's cumbersome but it's so
abundant son with all the feelings that
i'm feeling i'd be loving son yes the
sun i'm talking about is me yes i'm
shining i'm a rape king can't see me
gold off the [ __ ] brain yes you're
gonna know that i'm gonna be on the
throne remain cause i'm gonna take a
breath of air or the flow remain in my
mind yes you're gonna see me invest the
phrases in my mind feeling best when i'm
on a mic so high how you doing yes
impressive on the mic yes i'm pressing
on your line yes expressive all the time
what we doing getting pensive yes i
think another line gonna be getting off
the line they be taking pens i guess i'm
so dependent on the blow that
[Music]
ah what we doing in the middle of the
riddle lost the tune the [ __ ] fiddle
gonna be out of tune i'm gonna tell you
about the dude i'm gonna show you that i
get it twisted in your mind existences
you're gonna know i'm gonna spit in this
you're gonna get your system spent i'm
gonna do these lyrical smooth freeze i'm
gonna be riding on a movie feeling
smooth g hold up what we doing who's he
he gonna choose these lyrical
productions producing
productions
productions come on
what we do and you know
i'm gonna tell you the flow
yes you're gonna want me before
times mo
so i'm gonna give it to y'all
do i wanna do this be nah it's 48
minutes let's do this
this happy ass
let me show you how we
[Music]
mind you know i'm gonna introduce it in
your mind you know i'm gonna find the
time to just spit it yes i'm living
through it life is life i'm gonna spit
the art it be the facts up off the top
of my mind i'm gonna spark and fracture
all the light up in my mind i got the
artifacts of ancient flows it's old
school off the mind you're gonna want
the dude he gonna flow all the coolest
things you like and i'ma tell you
that i'm spitting yes the flow it seems
it's poetry i'm gonna
[Music]
all the lyrics never stop now imma show
you that i'm stepping on the rock now
yes i dusted off my shoulders yes i got
the boulder crushed yes i pomegranate
make it juice yes it's fruitful flows
you gonna know the dude is gonna be
speaking cool
yes i got the luck on my side you'll
[ __ ] with the vibe it's gonna be
spartacus cousin tonight i'm gonna be
shaking up with people feeling stoney in
the eyes red cold red yes they see me
yes they squeegee with the way i'm clean
and wet flows every time i'm speaking
you i bet that i do this every day you
best expect that your best respect do
cause he got spectrums off the head that
you just think you need to learn like
lectures yes you're gonna spend time to
take the notes of off the no notes typos
and that i'm flowing inside of my mind
you're gonna know you that i'll be
telling you i love all you that gonna
tune into the things i'm gonna always
[ __ ] do it side of the lines doping
me now gonna be earning up every time
that i'm just thinking around cause they
don't know why would you spark yes i'm
gonna spa fight with flows yes it's so
constant as i take the constants and i
tell you these vibes every time and it's
on my cat and i can do it every day yes
you gonna want
yes i do lock you down the prisons don't
got most cells yes i'm going to enter
heads in your biology i'm going to die
kyla's on the vibe yes i'm going to be
calling on the mind lyrical [ __ ] that is
gonna be hollering all night as the duel
fine time to be so iconic off the mic
i'll show you
i just like [ __ ] around man
it be
the dude who gonna gots to know
that i'm in the court
got the laws of flow
whoa
telling you what spit is true [ __ ] imma
just move in my mind every day yes i'm
gonna be intruding up in it finding who
is this
connie just witness
daddy gonna focus on the mind and i know
that it's not gonna be scripted
whoa oh hold up it's precision as i'm
gonna do these incisions
you know that there's no predicting
stop the loon and i know that you're
gonna see the addiction so addicted to
the way you spit this
i
tell you that i dictate flows and i spit
great flows and you gon know that i'm
gonna do
flow's off the top of my mind just
hypothesize the kind gonna be the door
who won't think of the theories yes you
know i'm gonna evolve involve the people
on the line and i knew he free with all
the lyrics you say all the thoughts now
they're gonna be saying totals by g.i
knew that he
knew that he free nah
god
doing you the lyrics just the movement
you need nah
hold up what we doing you know that i'm
going to be flowing this i'm on my drive
i'm going to do wheelies trick with all
the flows you know that i'm going to be
a professional motorist
yes i got a confession to make this
going to be a dope clown session today
and i know that i'm never going to need
any concessions when i'm spitting you
the flames ah
show you that i'm meeting feeling dope
this will be the concession stand as i'm
gonna be snacking on the [ __ ] flow
whoa hold up you know that i got to say
the flow gonna be juiced up like some
marmalade i'm gonna be sticking really
sweet yes i see sweet flows in my mind
yes i'm gonna be ceo of the rhyme now
hold up this is bumping in the
conjunction and i'll be something
different yes i know that you equate to
the function that you're gonna need
every day that you're jumping hold up
kinda gonna do this equate to the way i
do recruit this kind gonna show you i'm
cruising through the way that i'm taking
over movements grooving who did who will
choose this yes i'll be living through
my life yes i'm ending all your strife
right now cause i likely find the time
to judge the guy who just got the
rhizock
gonna show you that it gonna be a
testament to investments that i'm gonna
spend on the time of the game and the
seconds that i'm gonna rhyme hold up yes
i gotta try to tell you that i'm gonna
be living off the mind con gonna settle
free never gonna be penalty yes i'm
gonna take a pen yes i'm gonna alt
control i'm gonna tell you that i do the
leech hold up what we doing yes i do the
free god i'm gonna spit the lyrical the
heat i know that you're gonna be
cheesing with me smiling my g yes i'm
gonna be gold [ __ ] hold up what we doing
just hit the floor oceans hold up what
we doing yes you're gonna want the
notions notice dude never taking no
notes in the line you know that i'm
gonna spit the fire you know that you're
not ice with your [ __ ] rhyme i got
the fire yes i'm going to melt your
[ __ ] whole freeze damn what we doing
don't be know me kind gonna flow free
shout outs out to the people in the flow
g i see that are gonna spit the icy hot
flow every day and some on these
[ __ ]
ah how we doing people how we doing
see we doing this [ __ ] different he be
sifting gifted lyrics every day he tells
you that you're gonna
[Music]
okay okay okay okay
let's spin a disc i see the flames in
the chat i say you the facts gone bathe
the door gonna say you the raps they
need hold up what we doing with the
facts yes i spent the time now i'm gonna
pay the tax hold up play
up it's gonna be heated every day that i
be speaking yes they gonna need this
what we doing yes up on your radios of
mine i be active yes you know i'm
getting tonight all of the lines inside
my mind you know that i'm gonna last
everlasting with the flow that i do
always last inside your mind let me just
find time to just catch up a beat yes
i'm gonna make you this way
side to side west to east as i'm flexing
like a beast and i do say all of the
fantastic flow i'll be a beast and i'm
gonna say that i'm always eating it i'm
gonna feast he's gonna do this every day
yes i'm never least i'll be more i'll be
worth all the lyrical the lyrics that i
do hopscotch bouncing on the floor yes
i'm never boxing yes i'm hopping through
the lines yes i'm counting on the rhymes
up on my route and i'm bouncing i'm
gonna hop up yes i'm drinking on it yes
i'm sipping scotch yes i'm gonna be
sipping on it liquor strong it's crazy
how you twisted on it cross your mind
with the lyrical [ __ ] hold up what we be
doing you know that steve robinson in
the room with all of the peace don't
even go know that i be moving and you're
gonna say hi to the dude he gonna be
whosome and you're gonna say bye to the
dude he gonna be steve rob why i don't
know
i be shaking up with the people in the
room let me just tell you that i'm gonna
bump this [ __ ] kind got an abundance of
the rhymes every day yes i feel so
cumbersome with it yes i got the weight
on my shoulder dust the boulder off i'ma
show you that i'm spitting you the flow
the boss of the guy who'll be earning
phrases in my mind yes i'm swishing yes
i'm serving trading yes i'm gonna do
this childish in my mental yes i'm
wildin with the infinitely flows
essential that be tuning in my mind i
won't be grabbing you chaos since i
order you the foes that be reigning
through my thoughts in my brain ranking
can't say what he said now oh my god
there never been debate how do i gonna
rhyme yes i'm gonna take the bait yes
i'm gonna spit the phrase and you know
i'm gonna raise birth the flow it's so
earthy yes it's elemental i'm gonna tell
you that i'm feeling really rare up in
my flow i'm gonna earn the seconds be a
millionaire i spent the flows you gonna
know that i be so expensive with the
portals that i'm crossing through
wormholes gonna earn more time than the
god yes
[ __ ]
hold up what we doing you know that that
rap and i stab all the lyrics yes i got
the bandwagon fans tuning in to me as i
be winning all these rings yes it's
extra innings ot with the way i sing it
yes i got the
responsibility to lead my team to top of
the stand and see so they going to band
together yes they wagging their tails
cause they smiling with the way the dogs
don't excel
see what what we doing yes i got a rhyme
addiction
i do some rhyme edition adding you the
series so integral to the flow i'm gonna
spit a paragraph i never write it though
i'm gonna do it yes i'm gonna project to
be the dope i'm never gonna set
regressions inside of my flow i'm gonna
get it so what exponential with my flow
i got potential to be spitting through
the dopa flow
yes you gonna flow say it more kind spin
it yes it's on rotation bro
yes up in my mind listening to the
thoughts that i be spitting and you're
gonna want the kind of shake you gone if
you see the guy gonna spit this yes i'm
gonna enter different type of pressure
got the bars pressurized yes i'm gonna
tell you atmospheric watts and you're
gonna know at the moment i go right up
in the floor depending you of the time
spending you the time yes i'm at the atm
i'm gonna say the best flows that you're
gonna need from him going to blast flows
kind of feeling like a [ __ ] blastoise
yes i'm gonna say mastoid but i don't
know what that means but you know i'm
gonna blast those i'm gonna show you
that i'm gonna go right up in my mind
yes i'm funny with the flow oh smile on
the floor hello along flow and you're
gonna know that i flow all the lyrics
that you're gonna want in it hold up
what we doing just a rapid kind gonna be
automatic and i hop on all the tactics
that i spit in my mind hold up what we
doing yes i got the [ __ ] letters on
my endeavor to be the best with the
worst kind gonna just fit the app fire
your kind is in your bloody a vampire
biting on the rhyme jack in love with
rhymes i'll just tell you that i'll be
the pain killer kill your pain cause i'm
gonna kill your mane what we doing
through words kinda gonna drive yes i'm
gonna take it where you need to go yes
you call kinda uber hold up maybe uber
is different oh duh he'd be super
different hold up yes he knew he
different hold up yes you need to
witness hold up what are you doing
different hold up what are you doing
shifted all the letters in my mind yes i
do division yes i'm going to go go fight
over the theories hold up what we doing
yes i'll blow up yes i see mo
lyrical
that i'm gonna find inside of the lines
i'm gonna be spilling yes i'll direct
this yes i erect this build the
foundation to find the greatness inside
my mind yes i'll be on a different route
every day yes i gonna find all of the
time to just pronounce you all the
phrase that i will find over the top
just announce you that i'm great i'm
gonna make the nouns and vowels
dance you're gonna say
that i'll be feeling different let me
just strike your light and yes the rain
is steadily dripping you know that i
enjoy all of the lyrical got coins yes
i'm gonna flip it yesterday heads every
day off head with flows yes i won't get
your tails bouncing never just fail to
announce this
gonna be the guy who's gonna spit you
all of the logic and i do rap to fly
lyrics stay so capitalized got the
capital of lines building you the rhymes
he just be on his own team yes i'm gonna
tell you heat the flow it going to steam
i'll rhyme today that be domination i'm
gonna be presidential yes i got the
nomination hold up got the rhyme yes the
nomination you know that i do demolish
flows up in your nation kindness bona
never demo never try your
kind of gonna own it every day i'm gonna
say this i be straightening the puzzles
flying through your mazes whoa
look at all your faces bro connors don't
move you'll get it so confession those
rhymes every day kind is the
professional now i
pro with you
the lyrics that i'm gonna find time hold
up i'm flowing through
[ __ ]
this beat is [ __ ] long you know i
just need to end it on my [ __ ] own
that's the literally the one thing
that i need to practice a lot probably
ending cleanly on a beat and stopping it
or just you know letting it ride
[Music]
hold up hold up i do know that i'm
spitting
dope rhymes in the [ __ ] rhythm steve
robinson ece said i'm going to speak the
lyrics that you need
scratching to the flow and the patterns
that can go out to saturn yes i scatter
you the flow scatter the flow did you do
that the fat little flow hold up
we'll be doing bro
rave and see the lyrics that i flow oh
hold up you know that they tell to me
i'm doing great go up two states to my
brain i'm gonna be cruising straight
through the drive let me just tell you
that i be moving oh my god he just
you're gonna tell your true [ __ ] oh my
god he's dreaming all these flows that
lucid all right let me get up in your
words yes i'm dunking yes i'm cradling
the vibe through the cables and tonight
i'ma fly you the lyrics through the
night i'ma shine yes i strike you all
this light enlightening all your minds
with the storms up in my mind con
showing you that i'm gonna test lyrical
flows up in the top beats i made a res
table for one
kind
gonna feast
on the lyrics you love
whoa
going to scheme i show you that i'll be
rapping wiser yes i'm gonna be the
entree and the appetizer yes the salad
too got some soup my dude i don't
deserve it too i'm gonna show you that
i'm gonna be the sweetness that you're
gonna need if you just [ __ ] sit there
just feast it and you're gonna know that
the flow's gonna make you fat whoa let
me just show you that i got raps too
hold up i'm gonna tell you that this
bouncing show when you lyrics yes i'm
gonna hunt this everyday
got the pounds inside the line i'm gonna
be pronouncing stop vibes every day then
i'm gonna connect the vowels and letters
inside the sentence it's better as i'm
getting pensive hold up what we do in
time i spent is gets expensive i tell
you that i do the [ __ ] lessons preach
it yes it's at church in my mind of
lessons essen
you're my essence
testing
you my message said it
yes he meant it i had it
[Music]
ah come on come on come on
gangsta rapper
ah
i'm gonna steer clear
[Music]
that's just so not me
um
but
you know
you know
luck peace out to my duel
is this a little too slow for the bible
should i just speak some truth
[Music]
let me show you that we feeling really
fine right now hold up what we doing
telling you that you need to just turn
into this movement oh no it
[Music]
that's why it's a challenge all right
let me tell you that i need to find the
balance of the things i do do and the
things i don't do and i'm going to show
you that i got you in my scope dude what
we doing around the streets yes i'm
going to be pushing you the drugs it
seems that i'm going to be feeling in
your mind addicted to the streets when
you're going to get it that's your whole
life that's gonna be the thing you do
it's not really an addiction homie it's
like the thing you're gonna grow up to
and then you're gonna find out that
you're living wrong in another life but
you know you did too much and you can't
escape that's your stuff
let me tell you that we had to figure
out
how to get the people on a better route
i got to do it feeling proud of the
movement that we got to just build
kindness gonna show you that you got to
just feel all the lyrics yes i got to
cure all your ills got the pure little
feels but the flow so fulfilling with
the flow i got the soul fulfilling hold
up what we doing yes i'm eating feasting
west to eastern yes you're gonna know
i'm speaking got the speeches yes you
know i do be headlines and i'm gonna
meet all the rhyme deadlines flow yes
i'll leave it dead with all other hot
rhymes in my head vibes in my zen rhymes
hold up what we doing yes i be so ahead
of my time i'm gonna show you
kind driving cruising down this [ __ ]
highway spit it to your other far away
the highway you know that the kind going
to pay all these cows today with rhymes
that he say yes i'm spending all the
seconds with the energy it's a clap down
you're still gonna [ __ ] stamp your
minds yes you're gonna know that i had
to just try to spit your lyrics yes
you're gonna want it yes i pulled the
lever yes i'm gonna spit the sickness
yes i'll give you a fever he be crazy
yes i be receiver other vibes i'm
catching got the bar meeting yes i'm
going to spar with this it's the gods
witness that we spit in your delirious
fine quickness in the
ah that was fun that was fun i'm not
gonna lie
i was kind of [ __ ] around
i'm not gonna lie i was definitely kind
of [ __ ] around
i'm kind of [ __ ]
rap about some of your favorite rappers
what we doing
hold up
let me tell you about the first person
to hurt zen to just tune into the word
sent on the rhythm itches
birth the difference
type of vibe i'm gonna get it
let me tell you that it's eminem who
just got me into all the lyrics off the
head off the text of the pen all the rap
[ __ ] that i'm gonna be into man you know
that i'm gonna do flow oh [ __ ] yes you
know that i do more gold flow yes you
know i'm never losing yourself every day
i'm gonna be spewing dope shelf hold up
top shelf with the logical stench that i
vibe on your mind i'm gonna be best on
the mic every night spit this the quick
decisions you know i do it if be split
decisions i'm gonna do it yes i'm gonna
split it yes the stories and the flows
and voices that he using in the flow
free yes you gonna see kendrick lamar
gonna get a lot of sections of his brain
figured out he got to flow up to a
different type of level yes i do this
rap really can't listen to good kid mad
city
on repeat for light
a lot of lines a lot of nights i got a
lot of rhymes memorized from the door
kendrick
i got the time to give you all the
lyrics and you know what
rap the things you gon be lyrically just
tuned in hold up let me catch it back
i'm gonna borrow this nestled in your
mind i got the hard hits out the [ __ ]
park i'm going to spar this fighting yes
i'm going to bat this combat this is i
be breaking through your harness i be
climbing mountains yes i got the belt
yes i'm going to be stepping on the
rocking flows i felt in my mind yes i'm
shouting out i better belt to the people
who gon tune into me get the swell of
the blows inside my mind i'm gonna got
raps inside the vibe save your mind like
a life jacket what we doing yes i'm
gonna bump truer words bouncing yes it's
bouncing on your subwoofer kind gonna
spit the wet the fog now you know that
they never gonna be feeling bogged down
when they listening to other lyrics
confound import your flows yes i'm going
to bar turn the page hold up what we do
and hardly engage with the people who'll
be thinking that i don't spit you the
things you're going to want inside your
earbuds what we doing getting it so
elemental with all the instrumentals kid
yes i'm getting in my mental rocking
sediments in this and i tell ya that the
sedimental bliss you'll be feeling every
time that the duty said the hit hold up
yes you know that the raptors in it
crazy how i'm getting bumping your mind
i'm gonna be feeling crazy i show you
that i'm sticking earthy elemental yes
it's magnetism with all my phrases damn
blundered inside the flow i shine the
lightning yes you hear the thunder when
i flow whoa i'm gonna flow this in your
mind yes i'm fine dining like porcelain
tonight i'm gonna pour this in your mind
i'm gonna be entering your pores i'm
sweating through your mind khan showing
you i'm breaking through your ceilings
man stealing you these facts every time
i'm gonna be feeling man ah
[Music]
shout out to the people who'll be
chilling with me it'd be 20 turned into
the plenty those he do off the manti
off the mentee
i like manche as a mental replacement so
i'm gonna
i'm gonna do that from that one
mentee
let me show you
hey egrin
shouts out to you homie
i've been thinking about reactions a lot
lately
we'll see they're gonna make a comeback
somehow
[Music]
we're gonna make a comeback in some way
or another
this is a piece
sent in by hypnotic
this is steve robinson chilling on it
this is nua 2 nili
tune into the true freestyle
hold up do you see me
got the real phrase realize
[Music]
you the fluid got the cannon
blowing up your mind through the flow of
oceanic cracking mantle cracking
earthers yes you're gonna know i'm gonna
fact the furthest hold up what we do
we'll rap the
[Music]
furthest you know that i'm gonna thank
these people who'll be tuned into the
flow embankments inside my mind i'm a
boyer than a priya every day i send that
love about to argentina i be urgently in
a line rhyme in my mind timeline gonna
be
the guy rhymes a little bit better every
second now we gonna rhyme a little bit
and i know i got the riddles and it's
getting real wet so cause the flow
inside the rhythm gonna be feeling so
bad you're gonna
[Music]
yes the tension be released and the
sentence in the freeze gonna be hit up
off the head as i improvise the things
you see he be
easy cds you know that i'm blowing all
be feet so
the lyrics yes i'm feeling jokey all i
got them
lines inside my mind i'm hopping shots
of mine shots are pop
shouts out brother shouts our sister on
the dock
let me tell you that i had the raps for
you be a candy man condi man hardly the
man anything more than just spitting you
the harder type raps imma show you that
this [ __ ] of all the raps i call on
frame by frame feeling so theatrical i
might be up in the rhythm of the movies
all the stories that i'm gonna be
painting hold up yes i got flames khan
gonna be doing music [ __ ] like it's
broadway never acting got the real type
of con sway i might tell you that i feel
you this feng shui called that consue
let me tell you that that might do the
lyrical kind fool i'm gonna show you
that this kung fu but i'm kicking
different let me tell you that i'm gonna
be spitting different let me tell you
that i'm gonna be in it kid ah do it
infinite kind he get better i'm on
levels in my head i find inside the text
and rhymes inside the rhythm bless your
mind with the love of higher every
moment oh [ __ ] he be doppel with the
focus he be doppel with an ocean tv
doppler flowing deep up through the
oceans oh no what we doing yes you got
to focus on the lines he gonna provoke
inside all of your emotions
ah
inside the motions of all you
see if i were to if i were to punch in
on another take
ah
how we how we are how we are how we
doing
see what i'll be speaking is just easy
on the rhythm let me be the spooky hold
up let me get the reverb up you know i'm
going to spit you all demeanor stuff you
know i be the meaner of the beat he be
killing it absurd you know that you're
gonna be feeling this you need to sit
observe how we speaking this you know
the time he spent he does deserve all
the services of letters right between
the lines
i was i was feeling a different spooky
vibe but let's let's get something
different on the line
shout out to the people chilling with me
ippy youtube let's turn down this
[ __ ] reverb now though [ __ ]
it's about an hour 49 into the tune
right now people chilling with the dude
right now feeling really good right now
put your in the mood right now yes you
know you do sit there and tune to the
way that we feeling a lot of people left
right now it's only 12 online it's crazy
i stopped flowing for like a sec right
now to just get your breath right now to
just say hi right now but they dipping
it's crazy cause i get real fly in the
thoughts in my mind and i'm saying hi
and the thanks in my mind i feel
gratitude the way i rap at you the way i
thank you those i hope you had to know
that i be feeling dope cause you'll be
knowing dude it's gonna be flowing cold
whoa oh no i'll be feeling this a
billion of those a million of flows it's
gonna be getting in your souls i'm gonna
wrap the fractions till it's whole i do
it till your satisfaction when i wrap
you all these actions in my dome hold up
what we be doing you know that that
rapping every day i got the kind accent
i might just send it in your mind i'll
be sending it smooth way i'm rocking
your mind you're gonna want it to nod
yes your move gonna improve on rhymes
hold up what we doing see it be every
day it's recently with the fire that i'm
spitting in the moment yes you see that
15 b just tuned in to the lyrics that
i'm going to speak the fire i'll be
putting out like things you're going to
see upon the comments justice by your
choice you're going to need to see that
the dude got the claps from husam a7g
all right let's move on
uh
oh i want this beat
i've been [ __ ] with this
another thing i really focus on
occasionally i need to do it all the
time is the
pronunciation
the enunciation
the dumb things i'm saying need to be
said clearly
easy
breezy evie the guy who gonna speak
these reasons
that you're tuning online hold up what
we doing yes i'm pro with digressions in
my mind i know that i got rhyme
progression every time i fall yes i
better be getting better g cause then
i'm gonna be wasting a lot of time never
wasting time on the rhyme yes i'm
tasting kind yes i'm [ __ ] yes i'm
grilling got the recipe spit the books
you know i never need the energy to flex
a pen yes i'll be dependent on my zen
dentin yes i'm earning dividends i'm
going to divide on my ends
what we doing yes suspicion different
every day i'm going to be getting
letters really sifted not talking about
time in your mind so much hold up yes i
need to move on say this kind swell a
rhyme in your mind like inflation damn
did it right there i had to tell you
that i got the drip style yes i'm at
apparel i'm gonna be up at your apps yes
i'm airing through your mind do an
aerial hold up see i did it again you
know i'm bumping the great [ __ ] kind got
the sentence pronunciation hold up you
know that i be rapping stirred lines in
my mind page is gonna turn down
gonna show you that a speaker free
connected yes i'm fixing it like in
machinery i tell your right lines
etching on the right drive every day i
be sketching all up on the pictures yes
the picture all the thoughts that you
need in the rhythm in your mind damn see
it does connect a lot of things that
don't get in my head but i do now detect
thank you homie yes i got the textures
of the context in the books that i spent
time writing hey how we doing every day
he say that he feeling really dopa with
the fluid that he's fueling hold up yes
i spit this shots are two egyptians
shouts out to the global yes i got the
vocals that i do just flow you every day
i heard what you're gonna want so i'm
gonna be optimistic fill the cup all the
way up yes i'm winning rings at world
cup quick and you're switching up a nine
you know that i'm switching situations
of these rhymes right up on the line
right up in my mind yes i see lukas
srinivasan
inside the line clearly divine hear ye
divine khan gonna be king khan i show
you that i do this yes it's clearly
clearly the guy who gone steer lines
yearly annually i'm gonna wrap you a
free hey yes i'm gonna say that i
decorate the decor in my brain gonna
design your interior in a different type
of way in your rooms in your mind in
your soul hold
[Music]
how do i pronounce it
you know i'm just trying
is it just
i don't know
siri
the song
basin
[Music]
let me show you that i got the best
freeze
working on the technique i let release
with the flick of the swisher
[Music]
see what i'ma do with yes i spit it to
the end last breath with the way that
i'm doing this trend yes i'm trending up
with the progression stuff yes i'm never
gonna regress to averages i'm gonna set
the standards hold up what we doing
concentrate on where y'all deviate your
standards imma show you that i'm soul
graphical with these depictions of the
flow
tactical with the way i'm gonna be
strategizing with the raps i'm gonna say
yes i'm feeling wiser i'll be
improvising have you been this before
not really bro like not in real life or
not in any way bro i mean i guess
maybe when i was like a young kid and
occasionally
got bullied but not really i didn't
really get bullied either i just kind of
made my peace with everyone who gonna
see that kind
of be feeling the love in his mind so
why really step up to the god
[Music]
passing you're the foes you're some dish
and you're the flows yes it's gonna be
in
yes i'm going to try these angles of the
passes yes i'm going to connect it yes
i'm scoring goals inside your heads i do
detect disrespect it's the spectrums of
lectures that i'm gonna be testing
see how i'm gonna wrap the phrases click
up on these live on your app locations
imma get it in side your mind i got the
benefits so friendly with the way you
[ __ ] a beat up hold up whoa you know
there to make you smile now khan say you
that you're on your drive now tune into
the con now got the carnage yes i got
the cottage learning about the college
in my mind i got the institutions called
the constitution lay down the law been
the dude who gonna
tell your daddy move you know that i do
no resistance flow's going through the
wires yes i do insist this i'll be best
through the circuitry through your
storage through your clouds to your
brains yes you thought of me ah show you
they don't spit in you the red face of
what we doing tried to rhyme cabbie lane
you know that i'm never feeling lame i'm
getting like 115 million
subscribers or followers on tick tock i
spit hot you know he gon pass charlie
with the way he got all the rocket and
trajectory or grass of all his followers
is crazy how we do that bro yes he got a
dope energy he be really funny
is he kind of be captain obvious with
his energy but he don't really speak yes
i know about cabbie name a decent amount
because he kind of dope because i scroll
through tick-tock a decent amount inside
my dome i feel
that connecting with the globe through
the social media is kind of [ __ ] dope
i get the perspectives a lot of [ __ ]
peeps you know that i'm learning every
day i read the comment section of a
piece of content when i see and then i'm
gonna learn about it every day it's deep
it's coated in the brain you know i'm
living on the edge soaring through the
rain you know that i'm spitting you the
lyrics he be the guy who'll be in his
mainframe yes you know my brain never
decay active on your radio let me show
you that i'm spitting you the doper flow
never fractions bro i'mma tell you that
i have your soul cause i slice it up
different as i cut the deck in it as i'm
gonna be king with the flow never gonna
be joke but to make you smile mvp with
flow i'm gonna know his kid who just
served between the line like his
djokovic voted with the [ __ ] serve it
yes his kid who be spitting you the
lyrics that you're earning g tv birthing
freeze spit it pure signing contracts
every day the rhyme signature gonna be
the flow and the cadences that i be
spitting with the words i'm gonna tell
you that the convictions that i earn
gonna be because i kill the beat yes
this heat convection every time i'm
gonna speak i'm gonna be inventing you
the lyrics ac cold with the flow hold up
what they do now i show you that i'm
gonna find time to tell you that i'm
chilling with my [ __ ] tribe now if
you travel with the rituals you're gonna
feel so divine with my spiritual damn
kind
yes i'm coughing like a toka like a
smoker you know like the
type of things you know bruh when you
gonna take a hit you gonna know that it
may just hit your mind different but it
may just hit the back of your throat
different cause you're gonna flame a kid
with the heat that gon plays off the
[ __ ] when you're smoking and it's bad
for your lungs and you gon know that you
need to [ __ ] go and become a better
man but what's a better man anyway so
you're gonna take another pull and then
feel so great in the layers in your head
when the music gonna blend in the tunes
and you know that you're gonna be
feeling in your zen imma show y'all that
i'm gonna flow your potions overdose
this magic got the hocus pocus flowing
oceans oceans yes i do expose this
composing you the lions in your [ __ ]
dorms did i tell you that you see it
can't be fiending for another allergy
studious with freeze yes you're going to
see me say that i'm gonna be at top spot
i aim to just lay a claim on the rap
game as we building this different
movement off the brain hey it's kind
it's iconic i'm gonna say hi to the
friend taha upon it it'd be james it be
shields it's no i chilling with the dude
who gonna see hussain
[Music]
a7 on the line it's james shields never
shielding himself from the con rhymes he
just let it come through through a
screen in your ears cause you need all
the things that you feel when eighteen
people tune into the way that i say
things hey he crazy rap work and i know
i stack flows con gonna be chalking on
the line blackboard it's chalk khan
gonna get the w but you bet on him
anyway cause you need to know that
you'll be winning bro you gonna know
that the badness of the park i win the
fight combating i show you that i gotta
flow i'll show you that i move us
unstoppable i'm so unstoppable i'm going
to spot a flow and then i show you that
i'm going to be culpable of killing all
the flows this is kobe bro with the
juicy type of lyrics that i told you bro
yes i'm going to be spitting you the
lyrics yes i'm skipping yes i'm rocking
through the fluid every day i'm bouncing
you the things you wanted yes i'm going
to bounce it's going to be one two and
three more times your son get into the
other side of the holo shine and i know
khan is going to tell you that he
feeling fine
[Music]
feels so different with the peeps who
see this congo speak you this [ __ ] every
day you need him
to just not stop i find time to just
rock your mind 17 on the line kind on
the dock of the deck as he connect the
flow that be heir to the throne
knew what to nearly want a little mo
we got a little mo maybe a beat maybe
one maybe two
and then i'll probably open it up for
the people who just can't let it go
but then you know the duel got to go
but you know
that i'm feeling really dope with the
people in the room i'm gonna rap hard
every day yes i'm chilling in my house
in my backyard of my brain you know how
i'mma spoke fire on my drive
let me tell you a little mo the riddle
flows as i'm going to fit the yo the
lyrics in the strings inside my dome i'm
going to be singing tones that you're
going to be wanting yes i know i'm going
to orchestrate a rhyme orchestrate your
mind to just load the greatest time damn
to just focus on the kind oh my god he
doper ass he always all over drive
always overdrive always over mods with
the flows i'm spitting never sober on a
high i might say hi i might oscillate
your mind just just swaying side to side
with the rhymes today nah i'mma tell
y'all that imma just flow great khan
gonna tell you that he just saying that
he go ape damn hold up what we doing you
know that i'm gonna go and rap connor's
gonna show you that he gonna be driving
on your cul-de-sac imma just tell you
that i'm gonna spit this every day that
i manipulate this
trying all the different flows hold up
yes the quote lessons that i'm gonna
throw gonna teach you in dope sessions
of my mind i know that i'm reading
through the textbooks encyclopedic with
the lyrics that i test dude what we
doing yes i'm gonna leave your
orthopedic with the way you go to doctor
with the way your body rocking with the
way i'm probably harder off the top with
all the logic for the lyrics yes i'm
changing in the pocket nickel diamond
all these people thinking baby spending
time inside the lines alonso gonna show
you that i'm spitting on it every day i
tell you truth i'm gonna be the honest
guy who don't compromise it kinda gonna
promise y'all that he speak free every
day is you're feeling dope extremely
better with the vibe yes they on my team
b he be telling you he kind of [ __ ]
free g he gonna see it in 3g then 4g
then 5g then connect instantly up on
your mind g he's gonna tell your daddy
engineering yes i do this always i be
volunteering the volume knob steering
god who got hearings in his line lay the
law down when he's fearing you
experience of the way he experienced the
flows in his mind just the laws i'm
going to be laying on your chords and
tonight i'll be cracking ankles khan is
going to show you that his raps is
dangling your mind yes you're chasing it
it's looking like a carrot in front of
you what we doing
[ __ ] me you know they don't go in this
picture all the stuff g and you're never
going to have enough g and i'm spitting
rhymes till they saying tough gee damn
[Music]
ah
all right guys
[Music]
i think i'm gonna
tell you that this is the last b
if
y'all don't want me to stop
cause y'all [ __ ] with the flows and just
can't let go
then y'all can definitely throw
a five on the line but if not it's cool
[Music]
cause you know
[Music]
that we still maintain the training
flows always going true true
true on the rhythm i do it yes i'm never
biting down anyone's style but i'm going
to be fighting now to just prove kind do
it different on the mic so
just tune into my live one maybe two
more times i'll just tell you what
you're on every day with all lies that
i'm thinking of the top yes i'm going to
install drives
make them work a little harder what we
doing
you know that i'm spitting you the
lyrics that gon struggle never that
homie yes is bouncing yes it rumbles
connor's gonna
[Music]
kind of this picture all the lyrics yes
i told this every day i'm going to toe
to toe with dolbys there is that gone
dulcy though i'm going to dance with the
lyrics never going broke i'm going to
spend time so pensive on a rhyme so
expensive with the lyrics that i spit in
line what we doing who dude who'll be
losing all the info info the way i'm
breaking right up through your noodle
sky tell them they ain't never ready
i'ma show you that i'm keeping steady
you know that i'm gonna spit this jerry
no che in this he be coming through with
the love that you witness we be feeling
really dope cause he gonna extend the
line it'd be 23 per line every night and
i know that they saying get it homie yes
i let it go inside my mind i never hit
an edit homie yes appendix gonna be
filled with the indexes of the flows
that they speak every day and you're
gonna know this khan is gonna spit this
lyrics never notice that he just do it
every day you gonna [ __ ] focus on the
way he's spitting you the letters yes
i'm taking all the letters and it's
puzzled really better as i'm spitting
you the picture yes depict the flows yes
the scripture goes right up in the
letters encrypted in my soul encrypted
in my code i'm gonna be spitting you the
flows i'll be ripping really through i'm
leaving them crippled in the flow hold
up yes i'm gonna be telling you i'm
bumping yes i'm pickled with the flow
sweet sour with the flow
[Music]
23 p.e.r coming through very average
with your p.e.r or is that top to line i
forgot was 15 the average homie i'm
thinking on the basketball i hope that's
where that comes from is that 23 p e r
like gold p e r or maybe it's not about
p e r at all and i'm just speaking you
these bars for naught and i tell you
that both jerry no way no che and 23
p.e.r come through with these lovely
blue teal type comments that i see
and you know that i'm going to freeze
the ic flows and if a yellow super chat
comes through then o t will go double
bro
so let me trouble you with another flow
that gonna rumble through you know that
i'm flipping your side tumble flows khan
is gonna show you that i got a course in
myself my mind yes i'm racing yes it's
holding one on the concourse and i know
they're not spitting yes i'm gonna palm
a horse and now
[Music]
flipping spinning you the tricks i'm
gonna show you that i do freeze let me
switch a little bit about my fave movies
he's gonna do this yes i concept
thoughts in my mind different when i see
inception bro you know that the concept
brought my mental to different states of
my mind like if i was really dreaming
inside the dream and then we'd be
thinking that that was a simulation
inside the simulation and that you were
thinking that it was a different dream
inside the dream i don't know but you're
gonna be in the moment with your flow
it's infinite with your subconscious bro
it's just gonna bump your mind in a
different state of flow when you're
gonna envision all the things that could
be different in your mind like you
riding in a mountainous type of cave
type of situation and you like it in
four steps into your mind let me switch
the phrases that i'm speaking i'm
talking about inception i know and i
didn't really make sense with the flow
but you don't know that i'm gonna do
this every day it's expensive with the
flow though hold up what we doing is
i'll take this photo yes i snap bro
capture your mind with the refs bro i'll
find time to sign the contract bro i'll
sign that from make contact bro contact
full with rhymes that he rap bro rap
these fat flows you gonna be wanting
khan is gonna do it no he ain't be
stopping imma show y'all that i'm
spitting you the live rhythm kind
cooking up like it's fried chicken i
show you that i did it i be different
with the flows and lines that be said oh
hold up you know that a birth phrase yes
i'm shaking lava out the earth i cause
an earthquake yes i be the wavy guy yes
i'm going to do the lines roll roll
through the rivers in my mind in my
blood i find all of the floods of all
the thoughts that i be rhyming yes it's
bumping yes it's so abundant night show
you that is never ending get you all the
dopest [ __ ] kind of changing up the
flows god metamorphosis yes i'm meta
with the way i'm morphin
systems gonna be bumpin you know that
i'm gonna throw the fat free connie take
a picture kinda like some photography i
show y'all that the flow the tactics
he'd be telling you that he just got the
rap [ __ ] the antique the flow that he
rapped in your soul gonna be old school
and they talking but they ain't [ __ ]
kind got the ancient flows yes divine
with the greatest flows i be growing
like a vine and i say that them gonna be
poison in your mind every [ __ ] day
oddly be the clear tools that the ivy i
be showing you that i be obviously
flowing with the lines yes i'm powerful
will flow through the currents with the
wires got the iv
[Music]
the god g ivy showing you that you'll be
feeling find me who's zombie tuning to
[Music]
again must be kanji i'll be the guy who
gonna find the time to say that i'm
filling up the canvas with the kind type
of paint i got the palette i got you the
flames connie's gonna be ringing off the
top he'd be a saint
[Music]
peace to the people on the line right
now appreciate y'all let's see the
curiosities and friendly taha and usam
a7 on the line is james field and 20
people tune in to the con you know that
we moving on with our lives right now so
i hope that i just put on a couple
smiles on your mind with the flows and
the words that you send and you know i'm
feeling lucky because the dude lucky
tune into the lines i know i'm going to
steer it inside your mind you're feeling
so superior with the lyrics inside my
interior and i got some father lines and
i know it's bye bye like a crocodile bye
bye like an alligator bye bye and i'll
rap you later i might show you that we
got a surprise tomorrow at around 2 p.m
eastern time so stay tuned yes you're
gonna need to find your eyes tuned in to
the channel my guys it's luck and 23 per
on the dawn and i'll be saying toodles g
you know that i'm doing these freeze off
the top my g appreciate y'all who just
take time to tune into the lines and you
know we got a lot of [ __ ] content on
the way so kind of say peace out hope
you have an iconic day