what's good people
youtube we be chilling
how you feeling
the realist
is in the building
again yup you know that i'm going to
make a gain of the bars do it free with
the style bargains or the rhymes that
the spirit to y'all is going to be every
day
how we doing kind showing you
now
any bite any spark any sprite up to
another love of fizzling in your [ __ ]
mind i know that i'm gonna go gray with
the lyrics and the thirst that i obey
hey you know that i'd be the one and
only dave coming through he's saying hey
hey how you doing homie
behave and then misbehave one and a game
ah no one going against the guy cause he
gonna spit you the painted lines up on
the pictures that he writing thousand
letters at a time i'm bouncing all the
nouns and vowels sounding really flat
all the nouns and vowels bouncing yes
they're sounding really fine pronounced
with the mic i know that i be saying up
to five people who be tuning to me spit
it to you live con gonna do it
infinitely nah no we never stopping yes
he's spinning you the top top spot with
the way i get top to stand yes i'm gonna
stand in for whoever who rapping cause
i'm gonna be the guy who gonna take over
the show make you what you want each and
every flow
yo what we doing oh he's true bars all
know [ __ ] was so fire you know that i'm
gonna speak you what you knew kinda
gonna say love to all of the guys who be
tuning in to me spit the good flow now
they coming through saying what's good
khan gonna be the ramen don as he
getting faster with the way he sending
love i got to do the donna
about to do don you know i'm gonna be a
don of the moment oh no he'd be cold off
the dome oh kerry perez coming through
saying let's go
no
yes i'm gonna tell you that you know
truth
let me tell you that i'm gonna be
feeling really true with the way that
i'm sending love to the people who tune
in to the content that the content for
you are
the concept for you got concept to do
all the things i'm doing when content
are tuned to your mind wanted one and
two more step it on your mind true yes
you're gonna get it weather every night
i know it's whether or not you tune into
the god con finds another pocket right
up in his [ __ ] mind yes to outer
space you rock it every time you own a
mic i see that i'm going to strike here
the lightning easily breathes through
the trees that i'm finding seeded inside
of the truth that they sow right up
through the earth you know the flower's
gonna grow flower with the flow every
day you know they're done through the
pipes i'm entering their cables bro yes
i'm going through it every day you ought
to know khan is never slow and yes i'm
moving right through your mind's eye
going to be telling you he cutting like
a bonza on the way he gonna be slicing
yes you know i'm going toward all the
swords that is going to be duller than
the bro what you thought
[Music]
damn all right let's let the discord
know that we live baby
we live on a wednesday
with the friends today
to witness
[Music]
some phrase
[Music]
how we doing you know that we getting
really divvy
you know that the time yes it might be
[Music]
to give you one two maybe five more find
freeze
[Music]
yes it's lively
post the story on your ig
just expose it really lively in the
media that i throw and you know that
that beef is [ __ ] medio and whole
gonna be stepping up to me you know that
i'm spitting you delirious and you need
kanye's he baked stuff in his mind make
music can he make love to the rhythm
daddy gonna try to spit to your tvs
function all the function he calls kind
every time he's better
congruent in the flow yes i'm gonna be
congruent to the best thing you'd ever
know cause kind gonna do it yes he ruled
the day that he did not spit the tune to
your brain hold up reign king khan with
the gold crown off the top my mind
downtown's gonna bounce every time that
the dude is spitting words off the top
my mind shots at kendall mister tuning
all the best [ __ ] in your mind who's
that the true dude cats gonna be
spitting on that
you know that i'm gonna get it crazy in
my mind you know there's no debate kids
gonna spit it yes created one and two
more five more times yes you're gonna
know i can't until the tender lie in the
row just gon know that it's gonna be
infinite with where you're fitting
and you're gonna know that is threaded
in the sentence just release the tension
every day i'm gonna speak the easy
sentence in your mind press and enter
yes you know i'm gonna go i sent another
level with the letters that i try just
bit up in your eyes it's limitless i try
to tell you that
flows and he's saying bro
chill now you're gonna be cold with the
freeze then i'm gonna be spitting on
your [ __ ] streets he's gonna eat all
the cold icy beets coated yet the lyrics
just encrypted through the heat
[Music]
what we doing two dollars coming through
never feeling blue but the colors blew
on the line when the dude throw the fire
in the text that he due to at the time
with the dollars that i'm gonna earn
[Music]
who knew that i got the flow so topical
with the topics off my dome and you're
gonna know i see you through the vision
yes my vision is to get inside your
[ __ ] obstacle
uh
rocking whoever who calls on khan got
the hotline for you all
[Music]
we doing youtube
[Music]
yes it's 19
yes you're likely step up to me but you
lose the fight b it's icon g
likely to earn a dub every time i rhyme
free
yes you got me
kind telling you the five freeze it's
iconic every time
hold up what we do
yes i'm so proud of you on the route
you're going to spell the lyrics that
you thunk right up in the rhythm you
know that i hit the dunk switching yes
i'm stepping back and fade the way you
thunk different cause the dude is gonna
be winning and i had lyrics off the top
my mind yes i'm feeling rad tricking you
the lyrics that i'm kicking now i land
i'm rolling yes i'm skating on the
lyrics that i send to you you know i'm
gonna burn the lyrics fly highest i
murder these type of lines and you know
that you're scared yes i'm gonna claw
scratch punch like a bear what we doing
eat this rap lunch yes beware yes the
dude is gonna do it everyday be here to
the lines hell to the lines with hails
of the ice buckets of the flows dropping
on your mind's cold eyebrows are beat
with the cold that does fit now yes
you're gonna see the pictures that i do
to pick now right up to the light that
i'm shining through your screens now yes
you know i'm at my home in your home too
and i know i'm gonna fly yes i feather
all the letters in your mind light float
you through all the sky through the
lyrics that i find out through chicago
i'm gonna go a go in my life i was
chilling up in chicago the suburbs heard
khan live a little nice as he gonna be
cold with the freezing type of ice that
he freezing to your eyes improvised yes
it's synchronized sinking in your mind
like your twix and with the [ __ ]
rocks uh what we doing high how we doing
light ain't gonna be dripping now i
strike with the storms through my brains
and you gonna like to see
king kong rain on the [ __ ] mic
[Music]
what we doing you know that i spell it
to you like a wizard yes you know i'm
going to cold-blood it like it's lizards
ah yes the cold blood runs through my
dorm with the freeze that the thunk yes
i dunk to your mind through the net
through the internet interwebs yes
you're gonna know that i'm gonna be
interweb flows as i'm swimming what we
doing you know that i'm bending all the
lights you're gonna see it in your
vision through the prisms convex with
the way they tell me that kind don't got
the context to be telling you the things
you're gonna tune into who's i'm a7 no
he the dude who hearing all the clever
tunes pulling levels every day yes you
gonna know i do all the lyrics every way
i see that i say or they easily say [ __ ]
what we doing
[Music]
see i'm gonna spit the mister the pen
yes you know the ink blends in my mind
on the mic yes i'm gonna pick best type
of lyrics yes the mist is gonna be
sticking really mystical the mysteries
i'm solving with the liquid through this
wizard bro oh what we doing he's back
jose hernandez saying that's a fact
cause you know the fire's coming down in
threes you know that i breathe breed you
another thing that you listen to i [ __ ]
what are we doing bro
how are we feeling this that new [ __ ]
see that's that new badge of that
cartoons and i'd like to show you angles
so obtuse i try to square up to the wack
dudes but
don't make sense
[Music]
let me tell you that emergencies
and a's and b's it's an emergency
your heart is sweet in your mind see
sweet ceo rhymes gonna sound fine out in
boston gotta turn the boss rhymes
ah
what you need right now i gotta dose
twice
two three with the way you step to the
one spot every day yes inside your head
imma twist the numbers right up in the
line yes you gon know kinds at the front
line oh hey kids gonna spit the unique
flow inside formations that there's
gonna know more truth kicking yes it's
ticky tacky like a [ __ ] four four two
field on the line up yes i'm gonna be
quick and twisting up in 90. what we
doing you know that i'm going to get to
fighty
damn combust in your mind my stress type
of raps and i might trust you to lay all
the justice down with the trust that
you'll be tuning to tonight's i say that
it's never gonna be rusty blessed with
the feeling yes i must be fresh type of
lyrics that are inside your head what
are we doing you know that i get it
blended inside of your mentals inside
instrumentals feeling elemental
else to the people who thinking they
could step two to the next don't connect
tones inside the stable blessed type of
thoughts in my mind that you gon get in
your mind and i tell you this is wet
whisper the thoughts that be going
through my head text you the context as
i spit the blast lessen the text
how we doing yes i had this
kind's gonna take advantage of the
moment that he has right now and just
rap [ __ ] to 24 people in the room plus
one with it though 25 people yes we
caught it to a honey you know dead don't
gonna spit the flows that you gon wanted
hot what we doing yes i been fly kind
hops up right up inside the rhyme what
did you thought that this was i might
elaborate on my head to be great cause i
be spitting you know that i'm gonna be
living crazy with the lyrics that i'm
giving and you know i'm gonna hit you
with the stimmy hit you with the hesi
yes i'm going to the finest cause you
can call me jimmy with the jimmy j
joints gonna be lined up rolled in
you're high feeling like it's eight nine
as i spoke you all rhyme and i know that
define how the one two to one step yes
i'm 21 steps ahead of anyone you gonna
say that the dude gonna let it spray let
me bear it cause he got the rhymes
inside of his scope cause a riot with
the lyrics that you can't cope uh
are we doing
[Music]
y'all trying to do like a different type
of beat you're saying some modern b
i don't even know what that is what
about some early 2000's funk west coast
hip hop
or like some
similar
i've been trying to find this
get a vibe funk in it
see i'm gonna show you that mine is
gonna move inside of your heads and i
might just tell you to tune into things
i'm gonna do off the top i knew that you
gonna see kind spit your other knowledge
you know that i got the crime rolled up
i'm gonna tell you in all of these songs
that i lift your heart smokey with the
vibe bongs gonna be pulled as i'm gonna
be pulling the lever cause of fever he's
gonna show you that he's gonna be the
word deceiver he's gonna do it yes i'll
be the word receiver yes i'm gonna spit
it in your mind i got the reason and it
is to be the best i can be and kind
already do that every day so you see the
publicity that he be sending to your
cities in your pubs in your clubs they
be bumping gritty flows from the cuts
cause they're gonna get inside your mind
bumping yes you're jumping something
something feeling fine khan is gonna
show you that you want it this one time
maybe five with a five that canal throw
online you know that i'm gonna do it
khan is gonna be fluid who's on the khan
rhyme
a7 you know that i'm gonna say heavenly
type rhyme seven at that time yes i find
it fine ah damn to be scaring greatness
every day i'm gonna show you all these
variations kind gonna be flaring phrases
yes the phase is so amazing as this maze
is straightened ah damn what we doing
yes i got to tell you that i'm spitting
you the lyrics never chatting i know
papel i'm in my casa in my house like
inside the paperless gonna be where i
trounce all of the fire up ahead there
you go no then just fitting you the
lyrics and the dope flow and you gon
know the kind gonna tell you that he
never compensate for no pen statement
that he do off the top his mind and you
gon know that i earned proud routes that
i take so i never burn route burn out
down couldn't even route burn out right
my homie so i'm going to move kind
switch it up the flow lock you down on d
speak on yes you know what we doing you
know that i'm gonna up you hate all the
way i'm moving all the lyrics fluctuate
in your mind a little different thinking
something great going to be coming out
each and every time he states what is
off the state of his mind you know i'm
going out to all your states with the
lyrics i try
uh find wise as i answer questions yes
i'm writing you to testify the lines
tested yes they fire yes they going
through the skies through the cables
through your wi-fi in your eyes
improvised synchronized lines then so
fly with the vibe 21 people gonna know
that the cleveland's forever perused
inside my dome in the rooms inside my
home yes you gon know i'm a pro with the
way i cast you a [ __ ] flow and i
never procrastinate always do it bro
count down three to one kinds ken khan
he knew
every [ __ ] minute and you know you
gonna tune in every [ __ ] second and
you know you're gonna know him give you
all the realest things you're feeling
just you know i'm talking like a [ __ ]
ill as i damn illest with the [ __ ]
flow oh sup man bar tech is gonna know
mo flows getting in inside these
mentions that i'm gonna release tension
in dimensions through your time and
space imma line you up twice what we
doing yes i'm gonna spit it to your eyes
i see why i'm slipping on the mic and
you know the lightnings that they strike
dripping you the thoughts that i thunk
right now
uh iconic [ __ ]
[Music]
youtube how we feeling man
god damn
[Music]
jeffrey tenney is tuning in busamay
[Music]
in the room
you know we funking with mr groove
porygon ice cube going to know that
emporigon alive with the ice dude
what are we doing
see i'm gonna level up
roll the point says i'm spitting you the
joints now
never saw the what
did you thought i was doing round ah
damn yes it was so mental kindness on
the speaker yes it's feeling elemental
karma be a [ __ ] but you know karma
[ __ ] tune into the way i'm gonna spit
now i switch through
turn a different lane when i be burning
get the flames you're gonna earn it and
maintain the seconds learn it every day
serve it in your brain between the lines
see it really fine yes it's intertwined
with the dreams that that little kind
had when he was listening to guys mad
how i'm doing all the [ __ ] that i would
be doing when a younger child growing up
i'm only proving inside the lines and
i'm going through the goal with the
lyrics that i'm spitting yes i'm feeling
so provoked to be a pro cause rope
thoughts going through my mind in the
rhythm i evoke off the heart when imma
try to just picture all the lyrics who
knew that the ooze the lyrics yes they
sleeping on the do they hit the snooze
but you know i waking up soon every day
i'm baking up the lyrics in the tones
hold up you no kind ever told a lie
never been a fibber yes i'm going to be
the logical deliverer i don't know what
giver means but i'm going to spit the
gibberish type of lines that just
glibble right up in your mind slow
everyday it's out the lips with the
lipid fat flow that does spit inside the
raps road kind says yay as he goes from
east to west yes you're going to sway
every everyday maintain a different type
of level yes i had the features in my
mind measured up to the parameters that
i'm gonna step one to eleven
i level up eleven times it's seven up
one more [ __ ] time it's streaks that
defined up all the speeches are right
off the top of the mind it's mercy
cause the mic is kind
what we doing i'm out to a different
type of lover in my mind dude hide out
inside the truth that i just fry you
every friday every wednesday every
thursday monday's gonna be heavenly
cause he just got the dumb sway that he
gonna choose today on a tuesday and you
gon know that i'm gonna do it this way
and you gonna know that you flew inside
the line that they say every day you
know he sat up on a saturday spitting
you the rap today yes i'm shining like a
son and you know i'm gonna say come on
homie that just bumps and you gon see me
just do it i do it in twos with the into
the wishing that they all be doing i'm
gonna be into doing every day through
intuition i'll be switching through the
lyrics yes you're gonna [ __ ] say that
the dude is delicate with delicacy type
of rhythms he just set inside the true
freeze that he thinking on the mic now
ah stroll walk a beat down inside the
road that i take when i speak loud round
thoughts yes it's gonna be gold crown
spin and get the gold off the top with
the heavenly routes that i be taking the
whole universe so yes you're gonna spat
mo lines then the kind never homie you
be lactose afraid of fat through the
lyrics that that's bad and you don't
know
[Music]
you know you had to check into the dude
who spit in the tomb
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
sitting in my home becoming what i want
every day you know the flow is flowing
through my bones through my blood
through with floods yes you're gonna
know that the thoughts that i think of
going to your soul through the mic yes
i'm able flowing through the cables got
the circuitry enabled in your mind hold
up what we doing yes i'm laying stable
right up in the lyrical the ladles that
i'm swooping yes i'm appetizing frying
what we doing you know that i be
enshrined in the godly states of mind
that i'm gonna try to spit up in your
mind you know i stare at lows and i spit
it yes i give you these scenarios
spitting you the lyrics you know that
i'm gonna go inscribe all the lyrics off
the top right up onto my con gonna be
underground with all the fire that he
throws just the rhymes and the flows is
in my tribe i say that i'm gonna spat
flowers in your mind yes you know i'll
be the rap flower and you gon know that
that won't be growing in your mind yes
electrify your transform ya to a
different loop in the states of your
mind i'm gonna be optimists with with
the way i'm spitting you the prime
lyrics yes you know i never put you in
the slumber counting you the numbers
can't divide it yes i thunder right up
in your mind yes i'm gonna say truth and
you're gonna find by ray does label this
the five beat that the shake yo table
subwoofers booming as i'm showing you
the proof inside the booth about the
tooth you're going to know it's
incidental that the beat died when i
spit it out the dental and you don't
know that you're it it's essential that
the sentence get it so a blended in your
mental what we doing yes you know i'm
gonna spit right in your mind fire
you've still got the big light yes
you're gonna know that i'm gonna paw on
the beat scratch claw
never take a step to the way that i say
all the lyrics in my head yes ahead of
guys yes i'll be a head high on a mic
beheaded with the thoughts that going
through my mind i say that the rap true
[ __ ] yes i kind got all the flow right
back human i know i'm gonna act true
every time i'm in the [ __ ] beat yes
the man gonna know and the woman gonna
know that they gonna be saying whoa how
you do that right there you the man with
the tune hold up
[Music]
shout out to the 25 people chilling with
me right now
i appreciate and love every single one
of you
see we just chilling on some funky
we just getting in a different type of
groove right now you know you know yup
24 gonna know that he feeling really
cold with the weight he's with the bow
thicker lines up in your dome and i know
that i'm gonna be sticking yes the
line's gonna glow yes i'm cracking all
the action that i'm taking never lacking
practice yes the light is shining bright
with all the lyrics yes i find it in my
mind spin it in your mind i'm gonna be
winner with a rhyme yes you're gonna
play with it like fidget spinner every
[ __ ] night click up on it eating
dinner yes you're gonna remember that
dude is gonna dismember all the beats
that he be cutting up you know that we
gonna bump it different what did you
thought this was kind gonna give a
hundred times and you know you're gonna
want it yes a hundred more times i what
we doing you know that i'm resting
multilingual
on my shoulder feeling really heavy
that's a fact hold up you know that that
still flows kind of growing old like a
willow i'm in the funky [ __ ] pocket
and you're gonna know
yes you know i'm switching wishing to
the intuition groove every day i'm going
to switch inside your [ __ ] room and
you know what situation that i'm causing
as i'm going to be stitching yes i'm
flipping all the phrases in the tonic
and i know i'm going to be gin and grin
is while i'm really
in the line yes i'm going to blow up
clay more on the line clay pottery vibes
i'm going to rock in your mind you're
going to know that i'll be spinning like
a vinyl i rock inside your mind i know
it's going to be sturdy in the line and
you know you got the wet flow growing
just to fly and the veins gonna be cause
the fall go through the process of
giving you a different type of natural
process in your mind to just literally
ride up in the thoughts in your mind
just meditate on that one sound uh
let me tell you that i feel the dope
[ __ ] in your mind so enormous you know
that it's never editing i said the
sentence thing inside your mind i'm
gonna release the tension and at least
ran free inside your mind so gigantic
it's big on the line take a swig of the
rhymes that i spit liquor with the [ __ ]
they be saying sheesh how you do that
[ __ ] yes i'd be at peace with the mind
in my mind so wild that the fire just
flies in the comment section thank you
to all the guys who gonna tune in
[Music]
goddamn
[Music]
bob gray
dawn sangster or dean sangster
i feel like i haven't been giving y'all
love in the names
it's 28.
people who be tuned into the great
feeling that you can't
leave ain't it great
see
what you're gonna want it's the dude the
mister of the lyrics yes you know i
thunk another tune dunk it in it's
wishing yes it's funky with the groove
that the dude is spitting kind test
these freeze with jeffrey 10 e yes i get
10 each split it yes i got 5 multiplied
with the squared lines yes i'm counting
25 times people in the lines yes you're
gonna see me add one though you know
that i'm spilling
all the lyrics and the turns of the
pages blurred in my mind i know that i'm
going to earn all this xp with the way i
kill a word evolve with the way i'm
going to speak your own the things
you're going to need and i get into the
flow kind says that i'm going to find
this fine flex sounding very [ __ ]
complex but you know it's simple yes you
see a dimple smiling when i'm going to
schedule the truth in the line that the
spit so centennial bicentennial is
tuning into pearls of the wisdom i'm
gonna tell it to you true i'm gonna get
it in the sentence you know that you're
gonna be feeling dumb cause you miss the
way you're moving harder rhymes kind
thank you kind always saying gracias i'm
gonna know it's never funny kind smiles
though yes i hop on look like funny ah
damn you know that that true freebies
lyrics in my mind not to know what to
nearly
he gonna know daddy spit the flow get
some tropical like some tapioca bro tap
it on your [ __ ] dome flowing through
the ocean yes i'll be an orca bro
killing everything inside my way i'm
gonna be filling that sea with all the
lyrics that you spray i just free i love
the lyrics in my mind free yes you won't
know compost another post yes it's
compost with the way the scraps gonna be
the fine post that i'm gonna spit it
till you can be the host every night
it's every second it'd be every day the
rhyme is gonna sway up through my brain
i'm gonna ring king kong dripping
through his thoughts yes you're gonna
think different
[Music]
[Music]
i say that i be a fly on the wall in my
brain buzzing every day khan telling you
that he's so sensible with the lyrics
and the way he gonna sense a cold flow
see i'm gonna frequent all the waves in
my mind yes the frequencies different as
i'm gonna sequence these sequels in the
mind and you don't know that i'm feeling
really fine kind
switches in your mind wishes that you
feeling
[Music]
crack your
spine oh that felt good honestly
shout out to my dude
[Music]
these are the vibes man these are the
bots i'm feeling
[Music]
[Music]
lyrics you know that it is my escape to
be putting on my cape feel like hero
when i bake in my mind and give your
other thoughts you need and i save all
the world with the fine freeze that i
need to say and you behave
a little different with the fire that
they spray on the comments and i say hey
to the dude who'll be groovin who'll be
funkin you know that the movement gonna
move it gets your thumb gets different
every day i'm going to spit some all the
people from groove he gonna be the
mystery of the way we feeling yes i do
administer all the lyrics maximum with
lyrics that i strut brought up in your
mind you know that i'm on it iconic got
chronic inside is my psychotic sometimes
with pockets that i'm just trying to
rock it yes i'm bi lyrical in the lyrics
yes i'm gonna be cold twice since i'm
gonna be bipolar
[Music]
the mic it's the maze going straight and
got the puzzles looking like a picture
in your mind when i'm a struts truth ah
what we doing yes i find time
to know that he inspired people cause
his progress feel like they could go pro
tool but i might mess with the thoughts
in the mind and the logical lines that i
try to define
so put inside the world to be you you're
gonna know i'm gonna spit the lyrics yes
it ain't true that i be doing anyone
what
[Music]
[Music]
you remember what you're seeing every
day when he was bitten well the embers
in the trees inside the lines he gonna
be burning if the forest gonna be fired
[Music]
yes i'm dribbling you know that i'm
gonna be fooling yes
[Music]
[Music]
that
[Music]
[Music]
the words i'm throwing grenades with the
way i'm bombing through the lyrics yes
we'll bring granada inside the sonic
that the dude is bopping yes i'm booming
all the logic what we doing you know
that i'm going to gods to show you all
of the love that i throw about the laws
of flow spit
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
no
[Music]
hold up hold up youtube what do you do
what do you do
we're just getting started too that's
what i
that's what i truly talked about we're
just getting started
who's with me baby it's 24 people
chillin
see the dude been a beast the beasts
gonna be left with injuries ah going to
scripture these prescriptions of the
beast every day i'm gonna be spitting
scripture yes you read the khan i know
[Music]
another text through the guitar it's
gonna be tongues that gonna be just
running you the rum inside the lungs yes
you're gonna be dripping through the
body where you bump what we doing
ripping through the time you're going
around a little bit more so i tick top
click in the line clocking it all
nighter
yes you're winning that now and i know
i'm gonna find all the lyrics tonight
and you're gonna wanna bounce yes i'll
be pronounced with the nouns and the
vowels that the sound's going to found
in your mind on my route now kind gonna
[ __ ] with the lyrics that he struck yes
adjust to the lyrics now it's runts i
don't know what ruts is but i'm gonna
cut this thought in my dome now i'm
gonna adjust it to be spitting you the
lyrics yes i get it kindria with the
smart never artificial in intelligence
in your [ __ ] tallies hence i must get
you all the lyrics hence fourth move
forward with the lyrics that be going
toward in your mind your l.o.l is
smiling
as i'm gonna show you all the truth i
flows you know that i got the well of
spells that i sell what we doing
see i'm gonna wander in my mind i'm
gonna show you that i find time
what's up iconic love the black tea and
snap that five
true north grower gonna grow north with
the vibe i pursue cause i'm only going
up with the way i do all the lyrics that
can bump right up in the tone you know
they're that strut you're the thick skin
everyday you know that this rumple still
skin i don't know what that means i know
what it is but i can't really tell you
anything about it cause i didn't really
read that one homie so if i'm gonna move
on fair yes i'm gonna do this family
affairs every day when i be spitting
family your phrases in your mind it's so
familiar with when the way i'm going to
say it birth the verse right now will be
your brother tell you something that you
want never need to wonder that the
door's going to be there be the mister
be your sister and administer all the
rhymes
in line yes i'm going to split the thick
of all their lines spinning you the gold
yes i'm digging through my mind yes i
got the hieroglyphics written really
right right up in the feast that i eat
it's the beast that the beast on yes
it's west to eat strong with the suede
that i won't produce inside your thumb
hold up guess i'm feeling true up in my
soul hold up you know that that were
this stuff in your mind rolling up like
a 30 blunt type of vibe i don't know
what i'm doing in my mind if i'm talking
30 months you know that i'm feeling
fried so if i'm gonna get so it's a
twine with my mind that that should be
like i should probably lower that down
cause i need to think a little bit less
straight to be just getting you the
greatest things you need hold up what we
be doing
[Music]
bust the flows if it's your first day of
school
all right
is this the people want to do it too why
not
why not
all right you know that we pulling up
to the school it's all these people on
the [ __ ] crosswalk i don't
know what i'd be doing i'm like five
years old
but you know i got to find the solvent
that i know i solve the problems yes i
put the patterns right together these
the people that we gonna had to enter
building every day so i'm gonna be
moving tamo i'm gonna say and hello to
all the people thinking like the dude
when he was little so i'm going to tell
you that we moving in the line hold up
we're going to switch up the beat we're
going to switch up the beat
what's good youtube we're gonna switch
that beat up real quick
uh hi my name is sarah um hi my name is
khan it's iconic it's your boy
tuning in to where you're gonna be
feeling really dope now and
enjoy
things he gonna do it's always off the
dome in the zone man demand let me tell
you that i'm cold with the flow that
just freeze through my dome and the
style be a bargain i know
flex a flow do a ball
[Music]
i gained so much from the way that the
fine flames in my mind you know that is
going to be lunch fried hey everyday
friday with the way
[Music]
[Music]
lyrics that you don't say gonna be great
every day yup homie you know that is
[Music]
tonight and you're going to see me test
freeze what to do yes to do it mfg damn
you know that that dual hot flows shout
out to my dude
bro got to see all the lyrics through
warren g coming through you know i'm
going to tell you all the schemes it's
k.o.s
[Music]
amazing type of flow through the
cybernate yes i'm going to node getting
through the edges of the lyrics that
they throw yes i'm learning deep with
the way i spit the code what we doing
yes i'm going to encrypt another flow
right up in the process don gets inside
the flow sarah knows that the kind might
mess with the [ __ ] lines in the
vision yes you're gonna know his
television tune into the television true
[ __ ] i'm gonna be sending through the
sentence
you know that is don squared with the
way you roll up now
[Music]
and the theories inside of my brain
stringing you the lyrics yes i fiddle
all the riddles and you know i'm in the
middle of the little [ __ ] truth that
them gonna be spitting yes it's infinite
with limits that be blending in the
lines that i steadily produce no way how
you doing oh hey i be true inside the
room kind say hate to kneel you know
that you hate to kneel to the wrong god
when you feel
down what we doing you know that i'm
spitting you the race of the flow now
so amazing how no other rapper could be
keeping pace yes i'm out of space with
flows now huh
[Music]
you know that it's gonna be damn that
feet every time a beat drops in the
playlist of the guy who just [ __ ] or
what you want now kind specify i know
that don't go in this [ __ ] you're the
fine type of flows kind does define a
whole [ __ ] rule with the gold
himself so you ought to [ __ ] know
that we gonna spell you the lyrics that
you wanna be just reading about the
industry we leading our holdup you know
that we gonna get a free kind gonna give
you all the energy hold up you know that
the soul tests me so i send the love out
to fold fp you know that i'm gonna kill
you like an epipen
[Music]
in my mind thinking yes i'm fighting yes
i'm sparring
[Music]
that i'm throwing up hold up yes i'm
sickness with the way i'm viral what did
you thought now kind gonna tell you that
i'm walking on a bar i'm on a roll with
all the bars i'm gonna be strolling with
the bars hold up going with the bars
growing old with the balls that they're
gone gonna find in the gold of my mind
gold of my heart gold of
i hire all the glitches to be telling me
what's wrong in my mind and i know
you're gonna be itching for the dope
type of rhymes and i know that the
situation switch as i'm you the greatest
[ __ ] you thought i was a witch yes you
gonna say how you do that right there
khan gonna be stacking all the green
quite rare 1999 coming through from the
dude it's laws of all the flows i'm
telling you yes the dollar signs gonna
be from the [ __ ] dudes line and it's
orange as i'm gonna spit the flows you
know that i say all the flow strange in
your mind got the aei and the old range
on the line i say the fire gonna be
blooming as i'm gonna be spitting you
the logical improvements right up in the
line in the test words teach her all the
lessons yes it's going to be blessed yes
i'll be professor profess your words
cause i'm be with pro as i'm festering
the lyrics in my mind i don't know if
that makes sense but i'm detecting all
the letters that i might try and
systemic type of rhymes that i'm gonna
be spitting in your mind hold up what we
doing you know dead i'm gonna breathe
cause oxygen is power every line that
you speak
[Music]
i'm not even gonna lie
i'm gonna step it up a little bit
something
[Music]
something
interesting
it's very interesting
okay you know that it's gonna be
improvised i flow my mind inside the
lines it's organized now it's my organs
and my eyes and my souls and all my
hearts gonna know that they connect to
foes now now it's gonna be organisms
where i'm gonna spit the lyrics and the
quote tuition to be getting on the
[ __ ] lines with your page with your
pen but i'm gonna say all this [ __ ]
right off the brain rain king kind and i
know that i'm dripping you the thoughts
in the line sing song your vibe every
night now i know you're gonna understand
me cause you're smiling just feeling
really happy i know that i do what i
want freeze you i see like don gurma and
i know that i'm gonna spit you all the
lyrics bro kill a beat put it in a
cemetery bro you know that this
legendary flows every time if the count
is gonna be vibing on the [ __ ] night
you're gonna see the bars in technology
cause you tune into the bars on the
screens that you see when i'm gonna
speak yes i'm gonna hit stream open all
the doors yes i'm setting up the keys
and you're gonna see me get into the key
get into the lane switching off the
brain spinning you the english and
linguistics off the brain and you gonna
know you wish it never gonna end and you
know that no one is gonna go against two
cause he's pitting you the flow bar
games flexing on the flow and it's gonna
be [ __ ] free expensive with the flow
and the times that i speak and you gon
know that the style won't be dripping
yes i'm wild with the liquid that i'm
gonna be just getting through the skies
kind of gonna open eyes to the hot type
of vibe that you could be doing at the
top top of stand-ins and you'll
understand him differently with the way
i'm going to expand hymns sing you what
you need command this commandments of
the kind gonna be the continents through
the continents every day congo and
mental on the instrumental weight what
we doing snap for the finger you'll be
going 50 50 with he who gonna win every
time yes you wish he not be stepping up
to your mind but you know i do it every
day i'm intertwined with the lines kind
i'm gonna tell you that i find lyrics in
the lines and you know i'm gonna drive
right up in the clouds and i think that
i'm fine with the storage of the lines
that i'm spitting on your drive
hold of you know did i do this kind
gonna take the lyrics yes he gonna do
twist nah yes you gonna take it never
could remix khan cause he gonna spit you
the lyrics off the tip now khan gonna
get it you know that you gonna be saying
[ __ ] it cause he be posting up fade back
like jimmy buckets you know that i'm
gonna spit the j's it's just craze with
the way that the spitting days lyrics
off the top my mind you know that i'm
gonna find the kind he's never gonna
look behind his mind so hey you know
that remove the back mirror jimmy
buckets was a crazy [ __ ] guy just
clear words gonna know that you're the
flow rhymes are all let me move on with
the flow i just claw and scratch up with
the way that i climb up through the
mountains in my brain i'll be a cat and
i'll leap high with the way i lead nine
lives or flows in your mind vivify five
times more yes you're gonna see me get
to four five switching up with the goat
vibes i be multiplied with the way i'm
gonna divide in the lyrics that i try to
give you now when it's six at the time
blissful type mixtures of rhymes i be
dribbling all night now
[Music]
we did this one
we're going to go back to this other
playlist
should we do some
some trap [ __ ]
should we try something i actually got a
beat request damn we could beat requests
too
we got one from bar tech
yo i'm gonna get you out of this trap on
cause i'm kind of feeling this right now
hold up you know dead i'm gonna move
getting inside of your manta i'm gonna
show you that i do
i
cruise with
i know i'm gonna be a legend of teams
yes i'm gonna never be ending the teams
cause i spit so expensive with the
freezer spent the seconds of the teams
kindness gonna be getting inside of your
seams in your nooks and crevices he
gonna be spending the time damn giving
you all of the lands down
[Music]
oh the truth that he was just living
right through yes you know he showed the
passion inside the tune every time dude
ah
what we doing you know that i'm a spit
moe
going viral he spit a sick flow
i
know i'm gonna show you i heard the
scene
in my mind i paint and count it up it's
33.
people going to see yes i do these all
of the learning lyrics i do very [ __ ]
deep as i see concurrent viewing me
concurrently be the things he gonna be
wording
every day yes i'm gonna find pamphlets a
rhyme in the paragraphs of lines getting
two fine times inside my mind yes you're
gonna know i'm gonna strike a lot you
know that i'm gonna be in the verbs i'm
spitting doing this [ __ ]
hold up what he doing with beats he
going to peace every day yes you gonna
say daddy to sway all the savagery
conscious delays you know that i'm never
doing it averagely i'm gonna be
deviating from all your standards b you
know that i'll be still in all the
lyrics you know the flames coming
through from dawn [ __ ] kind gonna move
through his mind now time is with the
vibe he's gonna create up off the top
now christian gonna exhale cause he gets
so exhaled with all the lyrics that he
breathing on excellent yes you know it's
caliente yes i'm calling on the lyrics
feeling like it's anti with the flames
that i'm breathing yes i'll be your
sensei what we doing you know that
you're hurting me kind cutting up i'm
sorting you down like
got the emblem it's the fire that i'm
spitting out my mind gaming you the
truth you know you gonna be spitting and
tonight i'm extinct in all these mics
faces thinking when i'm spitting through
the fiction that you're thinking that
you're being better than the kind
[Music]
who caught the
[Music]
who who got the fire of lavars though
[Music]
who [ __ ] with fire emblem
[Music]
ah
[Music]
wait we got more beats though
we got more beats
what are we doing
[Music]
let me tell you that we feeling fine
fine fine right now hold up i might try
to
[Music]
yo normally when
you know i'm getting this crazy time
moves by quicker but i feel got so much
more time and i'm just like
extremely pumped that all of y'all are
[ __ ] here right now 29 people in the
room with me are you crazy um i feel
like i don't say thank y'all enough
for just tuning in sammy saying or sam
sammy pell vision
carrie perez porygon ice cube
bartek
coming through
to listen to the doodle spitting you the
tombs
but i caught the entei and sensei bar
and then switched it up because the
emblem's fire
because he's bit mercenary which is a
character
i'm gonna need to animate that freestyle
bro
see what we be doing you know that i got
the heart flows
locking up on d you know i'm scoring all
the goals i'm spitting through my whole
hayatol
ah if
[Music]
[Music]
collide with the vision every day i'm
going to suture all the fine type of
colors yes the pattern's going to
scatter kaleidoscopes are raps i'm going
to have the time to activate you ah you
know that i'm going to stair flows i
kind of do it off the top no caps on
bread
oh you know that i'm gonna be rarer with
the flows i'm gonna be spitting yes i'm
staring to your soul khan gonna speak
well listen through the conch listen
through the seashells going so
unconscious with flows and details that
i'm spitting through the oceans of the
flows i expel spelling you a spell cast
on your tvs every day i'm gonna spit the
magic that you just needed
gonna be creeping reaping rewards of the
time that he be leading through the
khan's mind keep it up man love the flow
a one club with the way your spitting
flows khan gonna show you that i'm
getting you on
and i know a liar be down to london
you know that i'm gonna speak the
splinters in your skin i printed kinda
like a 3d printer ah you know that i'm
gonna find tucks other flows i'm
flipping yes it's fire like a fire truck
that i'm gonna spit the raps gritty
painting you this lyrics yes it's gonna
be graffiti as i graph all the treaties
of the peace that i'm making with the
beats and the feasts that i eat says i'm
taking all these treats and i'm feeding
what you see on your screen hitting
stream yes i got the [ __ ] keys look
inside of the scenes that he be finding
different types of way to think about
the [ __ ] way you're going gonna think
about the way you're gonna think about
the phrase now
thinking about the way i'm on the brink
of thinking about another type of liquid
type of fire in your mind i'm gonna type
the lyrics cause you're gonna want it
yes admiral yes inspiring yes
[Music]
improvised lines that you synchronize in
my eyes through my soul and i'm going
through the wires high through the sky
with the truth that unfolds inside all
your drives i'll be clouds gonna be
dripping on my thoughts ah
28 no people tuning to the heavy great
tones that i'm dropping on the measures
of the flames bro kind
do it albeit bro
abbott means
[Music]
in turkish
search it up inside your dictionaries
got the diction that we airing through
your tvs as he sneezing all the sickness
that you need and i
know i got the bars never gonna degrade
yes
what does that mean the top won't be
sticking in the lyrics that i see i'm
digging you know that i'm gonna raid
your mind with truth seed yes i'm
soiling the way you're feeling with the
true freeze
[Music]
there is never incidental with the
pendants hanging through the never need
a pen type dance i'm going to be just
changing on a mic you know i'm earning
it yes i be living agent too and
outrageous like love in your mind i'm
gonna tell you that the stage is burning
down yes i'll be the fella who gonna be
feeling mellow jabbing stepping back
wearing blue and yellow never rookie
though and i spit the facts bro yes the
book you know that the dude's gonna bet
that they spit the fatter type of flows
ah
[Music]
what's the line that the kind spit the
hundred mo lines i know it's gonna be
100 times more the percent that you
think it was
[Music]
[Applause]
all right we can't we can't be doing
another slow one
but we do have phantom slide which is
another trapeze let's get to
get to another oh this is one of my fav
this is one of my favorites let's
[ __ ] go
this is my original playlist that's what
i'm gonna go to next the original
playlist
that's full of all the original beats
too that has all the omegle beats as
well
linked in the description
[Music]
but you know i'm going to came to
different type of levels
yes the mission be to spit the vision
your old school like a fossil guy yes
i'm rocking my mind gonna make you say
my oh my khan is showing you experience
imperial with lyrics that you steering
through it so your spirit's gonna shine
kindness
all the lyrics in my mind i'm going to
steal them now i funnel them inside the
[ __ ] lighter through the tunnel when
you look at all the screens they're
going to tell you what you should be
watching it's the flames that i tell ya
what we doing see i'm going to spit it
through the wickets yes i'm going to be
sticking
in
[Music]
that i'm spitting out to jerusalem damn
you know that i'm gonna do it harder
shouts out to all of the fans out to
israel what we doing you know that that
rap never take a nap khan gonna spit the
rap now yes he probably snapped god
telling you these lyrical steels that
i'm gonna speak gonna get inside your
bodies i'm a reeve
con is pulling levels yes you better get
to know the kind who gonna put the fire
on the contracts signing you the lyrics
that i spoke got the context to spit all
the conflicts convex with the way they
can't see my light bended convex through
[Music]
oh cliff beats in the room
don't tell me cliff beats in the room
shout out to the people hold up let's
get back to the playlist real quick
unless you got beat requests we're gonna
get back to the playlist shouts out to
everyone
should we funk it to the max
[Applause]
hold up
[Music]
[Applause]
are we funking it up to the max
[Music]
[Applause]
hold up what we doing you know that i do
what you want it's gonna be smokey as
i'm sipping hookah tonight with the
hooks and the jabs that i'm gonna stab
for your ear got the hooks in with the
nooks and the crevices i'm gonna enter
inside the [ __ ] rhyme everyday i'm
celebrating greatness with the mic and
you're gonna know i sell you all the
traits that i be illustrating off the
top with the letters that i drop on the
page yes i'm painting pages thousands at
the time with the way i'm painting
graphics ain't it crazy how i be amazing
with the mazes that go straight into
puzzles that i'm solving with the
pictures that i'm painting now ain't it
crazy i'm gonna spit the high lift lines
in your mind like the fine spliff road
and i know that them living on the edge
off the cliff with the flow let that
lift inside your head i know that i'm
gonna say who is the dude who's saying
hi i'll try this music yes you gon know
that i got mo flows be the phony kinda
like a bongo and you don't know i see
jonko in the
means life in turkish so you find khan
yes he teaching you the words inside his
mind so you know that i lift your life
you lift your mind you never gonna see
no strife is kind gonna make you feel
alive and i find all the lyrics that
gonna make your life right a different
type of love or how you hit the sound
vibes that you gonna wanna oscillate
inside your mind cause i got the
frequencies and sequences that you like
and you're gonna know i'm gonna eat a
beat tonight what we doing
[Applause]
you know that i got this with the lyrics
it be viral as i'm spitting you the
sickness yes i'm flowing through your
vitals yes the blood is flowing through
your mind you wanna [ __ ] find food
switch your all the rap flu in your mind
i spit into the sickness had tool cause
i got a lot of lyrics yes a handful as
i'm gonna be driving in the line i had
to show you all these rap tools that i'm
gonna find inside the ring winning rings
like muhammad ali and you gon know that
i might leave if you do not tell me that
i got the heart freeze so i'm gonna spit
it till i get the fire inside the
quizzes that i'm gonna be scripting yes
you'll find the answers that i'm
spitting so exquisite on the mic yes i'm
gonna testify the tests i done right so
you're gonna know that i got the answers
and solutions yes i'm going to solve it
in the lyrics yes i'm going to be the
solvent of the spirit that i'm going to
be living through you'll hear it all
right let me run it back every day i'm
feeling really different with the way i
got to hide the free kind got the bar
stock economy call it bar economy
[Music]
mystical [ __ ] that i'm gonna flow mo
logging in spiritual logistics road yes
the law gonna be rafted when i
[Music]
hold up what we doing singing you're
like [ __ ] mitch yes i'm going to bore a
[ __ ] through the net as i'm swishing
yes i'm going to tell your deadness
making you my mission it's the vision to
be spitting better than anyone kicking
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
uh what's the next day
we're gonna be a little selective
you want to slow it down
what type
[Music]
this one's fire this one's fire too
[Applause]
i got the rhyme technique the tech needs
gonna be met as i spit electricity you
know that i'm gonna reflect up through
your city look inside your screen i'ma
show you that you're gonna see me shine
right back like a mia you see you
tuning
gonna be so louder that you gonna be
bumping yes i'm slipping through the
water through the logical flows inside
my mind i ought to show you that there's
autumn with the way i'm coloring your
[ __ ] mind never yellow with the
feeling i'll be over [ __ ] drive yes
i'm greening she is yes you're gonna
know that i'm gonna be etsy with my
[ __ ] flow kind call it the kind zone
yes you better know everywhere's my hot
zone it's the red zone it's the cold red
zone encrypted in the code in my head
bro what we doing you know that that's
scripted for you oh no he be spitting
all these prescriptions in your soul bro
what we doing so gifted with the things
that flow every day i'm singing you what
you want it bro hold up you know that i
get it really telling inside the room
yes i need some medicine dance with the
hot type of rhyme it be edible when i be
spitting you the cures if the medicine
bands through my mind guess i'll be your
mad with the sins cause i'm gonna doctor
all the way a killer hits what we doing
you know that i study best [ __ ] up in my
mind never gonna rub a neck what's
rubbernecking i don't really know i'm
just gonna be flexing inside of my flow
yes i'm gonna be orbiting the globe
flowing through the ocean just my flow
is gonna be boats yes it's never swaying
always stable with the quotes every day
you know you're gonna see me in the
scope but you're gonna see me shoot
first who knew the duel gonna spit the
rules true verse i'm gonna tell you that
i'm spitting you the lyrics put you in a
spell yup what we doing yes i get this
khan gonna show you all the tech in his
mind with the bar sounding so inventive
i know i'm gonna get the vows and i was
bouncing in the sound that i be spitting
on my route to be the proudest dude who
do it climbing all these mountains so
pronounced with all the lyrics i'm
announcing every time i'm going to move
it what we doing you know that i had the
urge to be spitting you the shock flow
like a surge what we doing yes i'm gonna
find time to speak these lyrics can't
steal it no piracy cause you can't do it
off the top of the card kahn's the only
one who got khan's mind i'm so confined
in the hot lines you better call khan
throw you all the words it seems that
dumb won't be burning red like it's
burgundy what we doing yes i heard a
free and my might detect the beat and
just pitch you all the rhythm that you
need had what you want i'm going to
anchor in your blood in your thoughts in
your dorms in your vein never in vain
with these flows hold up you know that
i'm gonna spit the hot truth kinds
rhymes straight never looking oscar
that's cool it's the guy with the fat
toons khan gonna do it i'm cured and you
know that them gonna be type of cure for
the people wanting harder [ __ ] toons
you know that i throw fire kind of
bounce like a low rider ah no one wanna
spit the butter rhymes yes i'm melting
yes i'm getting bread with seconds that
i'm spending yes it's feeling like it's
summertime kind show you all the hot
verse to your cities you know that the
spit and you rhyme diversity hey yes
behave different way when the dude enter
frequencies you know i'm gonna oscillate
the waves right up in the audio it's
never audio's kind spit the video yes
connie did the most with the vicious
flow kind
um
guys
i'm gonna go get
a refill of water
as we doing that though i'ma spit you
all the things in my dome
let me open up
stranger flows
for a second there
[Music]
let me tell you that you better be well
alright guys
here's mom yes i'm going oh i kind of
like this
kind of like this one possibly the best
find a pocket now
i hated the way i started pocket but
anyway i'm gonna go go get some water
um as i'm gonna try to get you the
reaction scene here
oh
that's not what we want
are we here
we're here
alright guys
this is what y'all are tuning into for
the next minute or so
shout out to everyone chilling with me
oh we still got like 40 minutes left so
here's a quick little interlude for the
27 people in the line in the chat all
right we're coming through
phone dope all right let's do it
okay
[Music]
let me tell you
it's iconic all right all right find a
pocket now yes i'm gonna be grilling
like it's pork i know i'm gonna be
rushing through the food like a fork i
know i'm gonna be eating these beets i
know that every day i'm speaking these
streets i'm ever gonna feast on the beat
i know i'm gonna do it yes i'm to spit
your lyrics and i know i got the rare
blush of the blood going through my mind
every day i'm combing through your head
like a hairbrush oh hold up yes the
lyrics going to rush right up in your
mind illustrate the flush of the flow
that the flood threw your blood through
your dome hold up you know that i'm
gonna put you in a zone that you gonna
want you know it's never stopping kid
every day i'm sweet with the flow like
chocolate yes i'm rocking it with the
pocket kid you know that i'm gonna do it
yes you're gonna blow away with mines
cause your hand gonna be on your mouth
where are we at people are we here we
here
uh
yeah turns out illustrate isn't a word
um i was pretty disappointed when i
found that out today as i was i was like
it's illustrate but it's illustrate what
does illustrate mean i was just
it's not a word is it and then i looked
it up it's not it's a tense of an
italian word though apparently um
so
illustrate is not a word anyway
how we doing we got the water we back
ryan west is in the room television or
television
hayato d tell uh jerry noche
can we get g-phone vibes
let's do it
[Music]
i'm gonna type in g-funk type b
and then go to the fifth one
you know that you gotta you gotta find a
in the fifth one
can't go with the top
[Music]
hitting so far
[Music]
justice that i lay down
got the laws of the flow and the great
sound
kind's got to do what kinds gotta do now
i got a clue that i'm only spitting
truth now
show you what you need take a vision
like a cam
through the chords wireless with the
timeless [ __ ] that the spit in your mind
i do expand
through my mind i'm going to x the pen
i'm gonna tell you that you do detect
the hands i'm telling you that i'm gonna
make contact with the tactical flow that
conrapt
ah no one going to equal best congruence
it's congruent in this chest i do it
every day i'm gonna find the gold i got
the keys shine bold every line i'm going
to speak my truth
how to sell you the flow then the truth
and despair on the par with the way
implying all these l's in your head
holding bond with the way i'm gonna
stick
rap that turn your hat back type around
kinda like the snapback snap to the way
that they clap to the way that i wrap
you this way that you feel every day now
kind showing you we never write kind
just goes inside this mind and then he
does describe vibes deadly feeling yes
she giving you a song now taking a pull
you're feeling high off the bong now i
know i'm going to spit it yes i'm
sinking to the beat the rhythm i be
feeling never shrimping i'll be big into
the moment what we doing swigging all
the potions that i'm gonna be digging in
the dawn kid what we doing gets to spit
the raps and quotes they need the
antidotes inside your mind activate the
hottest [ __ ] you ever [ __ ] hurt
tonight i know that i'm gonna rap fine
by the flow got the [ __ ] got the k9 flow
and khan finds the nine and these shoots
are in the scope now i know it's in my
[ __ ] mind now he works and i know
that i deserve this service of the lines
and verses also
[Music]
[Music]
bouncing lime light shine in prime time
the numbers prime can't divide the way i
wrap the fly the flow flow
what we doing villain gonna be killing
all the lyrics freezing the road yes
they slipping yes they chilling on the
door does he driving you're the tunes
and you drive the storage gonna go be
blowing up you know i'm gonna throw the
lyrics in your mind shopping for the
time that i'm spending on the game yes
i'm copying mics every day i'm gonna
program like a shopify with the way i
buy the time of the people on the
and you're gonna know that i be keeping
pace with races that they can't be
running in you know that i'm gonna be
bumping kid what we doing yes i keep it
to 100. i thought you wanted this so
kind gonna be jimmy buckets with the
rhymes the rock the swish the wish that
you make is kind spitting you the switch
of the five vibe
what we doing what we doing
you know that is going to be 2 2 22 in
the room what they do to the people who
just get the truth from the dude yes i'm
gonna show you that this road to 100k
every time i'm driving you the tune ooh
who knew that dumb sizzling kind gonna
find time to be fizzling rhymes kind
gonna spit exquisite rhymes testify to
the quizzes that i write i know that
you're taking your time to sit there and
learn all the words that i do define in
the line and i find all the time to just
give you all the improvised lines right
around the [ __ ] clock ticking talking
now dashing you're the dots round your
mind just a shine yes i'm ringing every
night you know that this heavenly
withdrawings that i got i know i'm gonna
be hanging in museums with the thoughts
i know that you're gonna see me grow
stick inside your mind yes i dish it
high low high type of vibe that i spit
to your dome low downs yes the gold's
gonna be cold now bump in all your
downtowns in your towns do the rounds
every day you know the nouns vows they
gon bounce khan on his route to spit the
proud sound off the top his mind speak
it so loud now i know i be a loud mouth
with the guys every day i'm gonna flood
the vibes yes i'm in my mind in my blood
yes the thoughts tell me that i'm
spitting what you want every day a heads
gonna bible and you're gonna know i do
ahead with the throttle and you go no
that does fit into the hotter tight
vibes yes i never cuddle these guys
who'll be thinking they could be just
stepping on the guy you no date i'm
kicking up a 90 with the rhymes yes i'm
going to be free with the way i'm
kicking you the rhymes free with the way
i'm throwing you the lines he's gonna be
just swishing through the lines he's
gonna be a good sport two-toed confident
the true flow who knows maybe he'll just
do more who knows he's gonna be
emergencies got the ladders right
together it's emergencies that i see
when the beat is gonna speak to me so
i'm gonna spew it with the heat burn it
down who tries to be stepping up how i
unite all the letters man off the chest
with the rhymes put them in an er yes i
know they done spitting you the free fly
little flows with no flaw bro kind gonna
speak it wrap it in your mind i'm gonna
lock your mind up like a straight jacket
spit the straight first kill your cold
like a jacket what we doing you know
kind always do the racket i know that
i'm going to serve between the lines now
i know that i'm going to be ace and
every vibe i know that you're gonna want
mo and i might find that the dude is
flipping like a spatula tonight i
[Music]
his demise
you couldn't really step up to the hot
type of rhymes
the confines
see you know
great when you see it cause your mind
feels like it's on cocaine feeling
lifted
energetic can't stop bopping your mind
thinking different
so
you're going you're going to tune in to
the way i spat you the la la la la top
of rhymes and the flips i'm kicking
tricks this is fat shallow how i'm
grilling this old ilitz kid
who do it like a villain infinite the
limits blend as he cipher the lines and
deciphers the pages of vibes
google page in turkish and you'll find
the cipher's the truth that i find for
your mind i know that you're
gonna never see me hit the brakes i take
time to put an eight to the guys who
think they got the stakes to be living
[ __ ]
alright what we do we're mad you all see
that the kind gonna do it gradually
graduate on all the freeze that they
speak now the words and the flows be my
allies feeling red you hate to see him
do all that y'all dirty with the wise
that he's solving
[Music]
do it every day so spectacular
oh no we're gonna we're gonna get back
to the playlist oh shout out the g funk
five
how are we doing baby god damn the
people chilling with me right now brady
for title scheme chaos reflector
um sam sammy yeah man for me
i've just been listening to a lot of
pre-section 80 kendrick
and andre
[Music]
basically on rotation
and you know some big boy in there
big boy slightly underrated but getting
a lot more big boy reps because of andre
[Music]
uh he has a funky flow underrated
all right you know that i'm gonna grow
the flowers blooming moving inside your
mind through the hours i'm perusing
inside the states of my mind what you
thought you know that is sweet never
gonna be sour got the range of the taste
flipping the steaks out
shaking quakes now
[Music]
quaking plates now shaking taste now
yes i'm gonna go and choose it every day
you're
[Music]
best flows
let them go in the spit
do that different why do you ask to be
telling me to stop spitting oh my you
know that i need to catch it back i tell
you all the facts it's ingrained so the
way i rap i'm ingrained in the facts i'm
gonna rain make games with bars yes you
know that's the facts you don't see me
free with the style yes expensive with
the time to defend upon the message that
they thrive put your thread up in the
sentence through the ropes of the hope
that i'm sewing in your dorms oh hold up
you gon know that i'm gonna drop all the
lyrics bringing your upside down like a
heart now kinda gonna tell this lyrics
and the engines always gonna be revving
i'm gonna be slipping like a penguin had
to sing the lyrics wrap you all the
meanest things you won't be needing he
be so deceiving cause you never thought
that he be speaking all the free [ __ ]
and you gonna know that i do it in the
layman terms imma claim the words inside
of my mind and just lay it worse yes i'm
gonna kill it yes i say it
with the way i burst the phrase hold up
you know that i'm gonna birth the phrase
the volvic roll with rest i'm gonna
raise all the lyrics just invested in
the [ __ ] ways that i'm living in the
messages inside my brain write it in a
sentence yes i'm going to stab your mind
with the lesson that i'm going to be
spitting yes i'm calling yes i'm clawing
like a crab you know that i find the
hottest [ __ ] kind gonna get it let me
tell you that i'm going protect it
detect this
let me tell you that i sped this up all
right webcams all right what we doing
let's please ban you hold up what we
doing
you know that i'm going to be spitting
it off the top you know that i'm going
to be breathing all the lyrics i'm gonna
be singing yikes what that be here yes
i'm spitting you the lyrics that be on
my team and you gonna know that i'm
going to spit the power of the raps in
my mind i build a tower all the glass
i'm throwing rocks now walking mines now
yes i'm cracking mines now with the way
i'm wrapping fine styles in your mind i
found
wow sounds in your mind
see
i love y'all
[Music]
nice hidden good riddance who did this
it's the car who just got all of the
tunes admitted in your mind admitted
that i'm fired
admitted that i'm fire yes i admitted
the rhymes inside the mind and i know
you gonna cd catch it like a mitten now
hold up what we doing yes i'm gonna be
smitten with my style and you know i'm
gonna be itching to be switching on my
rhyme low ah dish of mine swishing yes
i'm dunking all the lyrics every night
dribbling never scribbling on the mic
i'm gonna do it every night headless
with the fire i'm a knight i'mma be your
ghost to the guys who'll be thinking
that that ghost right or neither goes
right i'm the be a ghost fright i evoke
inside your mind when i spit the dope
rhymes i'm going find all the there is
yes i handle all the lyrics so entangled
with the spirit and you don't know that
i'm spitting you the strings of the
theories got the fire with the words
like a candle old school with the light
that the shine bright lights gonna shine
light time gonna be prime now i see the
way i'm squishing all the lyrics that
they wishing for extinguishing the flow
every day hold up
kinda going to spit you all the rap
phrase time gonna be feeling fine and
dandy kind ceo with the sweet rhymes
like his candy i what we doing you know
that i say the power through the lines
through the vibes got the baby powder
yes i'm gonna be curing all the rashes
that i'm causing with the weight i'm
rubbing all the lyrics and the sentences
and causes that i'm spitting your
submissions with the vision that i'm
spitting just conducting you're the
rhythm through the circuitry i'm burning
he's gonna spit it you know that i bore
a hole in your mind yes i'm gonna be in
the hall of fame find my way through the
corridor what we doing you know that i'm
cordless with the doors that i'm open
with the keys that i stream he's gonna
be speaking you vicious freeze easily
speak through the lyrical speech that
you need never gonna need to be
impeaching god cause he gonna be the
king righteous fly flows that the bones
light your mind with i might know that
you're gonna see the flatter lyrics in
my mind don't know what that is need a
pill bottle to kill the rhythm and the
words that i be spitting it's just so
dispersed inside the lyrics that i'm
gonna be serving hold up i know i'm
gonna say those kind yes i'm ringing
light off the top like a halo nah x the
boxer to do's inside the lists of the
hottest [ __ ] that i'ma do hold up i know
that i'm spitting you the vision scary
kind going to be a [ __ ] visionary
kind [ __ ] a beat up missionary mission
to be aaron on your tvs every day he be
crazy i won't won't be craving all the
lyrics yes they gone steady be
misbehaving yes they dance in advance
yourself be [ __ ] raving and you know
i'm going to hieroglyphic behaving
in your mind rock and you're the lyrics
that gonna bust down in your mind
through your ceiling through the roofs
that i find time to just go through
cause khan never seen a [ __ ] higher
state of his mind than right now so i'm
gonna be stepping stepping high with the
fine sound i know that i'm gonna wrap
you this kind rocking jamming in your
mind like an amethyst i see what we
doing through the universe i see steve
what's good to the homie g you know that
i'm going to speak through the streets
i'm a fight i must bar with the lyrics
that you need
[Music]
see what we doing in the rhythm is just
tell you
[Music]
be the vein to your dark man
[Music]
shine the light through your night and
not find time
to go inside my brain with the logical
fly lines that i find time to just spit
inside your mind wrap these lyrics yes
you know i'm gonna be jazzy improvising
all the logical fat freeze that i'm
lifting in your mind i'm gonna be
shifting on my drive i'm gonna be sifted
through the lines and letters gifted off
the top i'm in my presence when i rhyme
uh
see what we be doing you know that i'm
gonna be speaking intuition
reading through the thoughts in my mind
yes you know the situation switching
giving you the quizzes of the flows they
sound so exquisite
always force that [ __ ] in there you know
that i say bless freeze fry you the vibe
like it's ksc on a friday tonight just
to find the time to find khan fry
another rhyme inside of his mind i know
that a bunch these lyrics yes it's
crispy sounding crunchy with the boom
boom back off the highest the hats off
hat no cat he just throws
what you need i'm the bar thrower in
your mind just some universal star order
what you thought this was yes i'm gonna
be binging on the lines you know that
i'm gonna be steadily winning as the
wind bends inside that the wind blends
that i'm going to speed up in your mind
just a kid lends a hand the kid lends
his [ __ ] soul ahead of those who'll
be thinking they'd be throwing flows off
the top of my mind yes you know i'd be
so ill cause don is gonna see the
beaters to chill
[ __ ] what you thought this was take a
breath meditate and never hesitate the
clever phrase is going to be coming out
steady weight
ready great
been ready long ago with the bins that
they can't flow
never gonna con fuels for kind for other
dudes
all the thoughts yes i'm going through
the circuitry yes i'm gonna be blowing
up the fuels
ah you refuse to tune into the lyrics
but you so amused i know i do
this lyrics serve it to you inside the
books that just make you feel so good
just think a little different
you know that i'm going to spit you all
the ink inside the vision that you see
inside the memories you live when you'll
be listening to me
come on
we going places i don't know where we're
going but we're going places
because and let me tell you why
um
because my man reflector is in the room
and brady furtado is too
and shabazz far hard know that i had
lyrics that i need to throw a far [ __ ]
it gives you a buzz
[Music]
see
let me tell you that i get words calm
vote for rhymes yes he be the foe
elector i
know that i teach the lectures look at
khan yes i'll be the file reflector
in your mirror now fear the style you
gon see me steering your mind to
different type vibes i'm gonna show you
that i need to [ __ ] find power in the
volts through my mind shocked build a
tower with the way i'm gonna be cabling
the lines every day i'm keeping stable
in your [ __ ] minds everyday connect
the lyrics so directed in the rhythm and
you know you're gonna see erected
[ __ ] visions in the line grow it what
we doing hold it every day going to be
pose all the logic in my mind and i know
i find laws in the lines yes i do it
with no flaw lossless with the less
losses i'm gonna foster all of the frost
kid i know that you're gonna see me
logically flow the harder type of flow
upon it every night bro you know that
i'm gonna spit ahead 23 people gonna see
the pilgrimage i'm gonna do it with the
grime that you feel cause you're feeling
like you took a pill with the hot feel
that the spill oh hold up yes it's funny
how they laughing at well and smiling it
feels sunny
you know that i be a dummy squeezing all
the syllables inside the lyrics dummy
how you thought you do that right there
khan you a dummy what we doing you know
that fly that flow is a dummy
ah take another route hey that's a fact
i'm gonna trip your mind up like texan x
i'm gonna tell y'all that i'm gonna be
rocking kinda like a gemstone ah no did
i go up funny type of vibe yes i'm gonna
be bugs bunny telling you what's good
doc i'mma tell you that i put the carrot
from your mind yes you're sitting where
you need and running really crazy with
your mind cause you hear the kind thrive
on the lyrics that he gonna drive yes
the cartoons that you tune in to carve
your mind a different type of way yes
the carbs that i'm gonna be eating on
the beast with the bars yes i'm bout the
bread as i'm speaking these bars what we
doing yes i left on red all the hate
that they said and i take all the head
type of great typological states that i
feel as the sun sets your settings every
day yes it is a sunset with the painting
that i paint and i know bet you gonna
hear the way i sway if you know that
kind never gonna slow down blow up your
mind feeling dynamite i die you're right
the colors in your mind every day you
know i'm gonna spit the [ __ ] lies and
you gon know that that's their greatness
kind split the flow for so many
donations i know that them gonna tell
your lessons kind gonna feel all the mad
affection elijah feeling mad with the
raps that i'm gonna make you feel so rad
and it's brady for tad oh hold up it's
for todd though yes i'm furry fuzzy with
the hot flow and i pay a duel to the
people who be tuned into the way i do
all the rudest type of tunes and i'm
freddie i do
with potential but i'm always
getting through
to where i was gonna be
the best
shout out freddie i do man
oh shout out freddia do
[Music]
what is this webcam [ __ ] bro
[Music]
hi girls guys it's hot girls and
boys guys
if you didn't know
i'm telling you right now
there's hot girls and boys
[Music]
i see i got to deploy
[Music]
the hot girls and boys who be dancing to
the flow right now it's impressions that
we gonna be earning
i got to deploy
all the hot girls and boys to dance to
the rhythm that i'm spitting just enjoy
watch the video but hear the way i'm
going to spit the lyrics jingle in your
soul kind gonna be swinging yes i spread
my wings i'm flying through the lyrics
yes i'm through the jungle with my flow
hi how you doing yes i'm going to spit
some cold red with emergencies looking
crimson yes they got a cloak on their
[ __ ] head hiding cause it's so
invisible with things that they be said
ah damn you know that i know my mind
gonna feel high on this slow ride i'm
showing you i'm gonna be feeling
heavenly hey yes you watch the show from
the 70s kind gonna tell you that it's
old school ancient with the lyricists
i'm gonna show you they ancient when
they said all other supposedly dull
tones focus on your dude kind
got to deploy
all the hot girls and boys
yes you ought to enjoy the video
yes i'm going to enjoy the way i flow
cause i got to the flower y'all love the
lyrics yes i got the all hot girls and
boys the dancing the [ __ ] video lost
it
[Music]
what we do when you know that i'm up
this in the lines yes i'm flowing up all
the water falls tonight there's the
water falling out the lines every night
yes i'm gonna be publishing the books up
off my mind and you know your pub gonna
swish it all the beers cause i be the
best beer cause i'm spitting you the
flow that gon be cheers i know it's
gonna be here in my mind here ye he
defined these type of lines see what
i'ma do i'm gonna be testing flows khan
eat a feast at the festival of rhymes
khan gonna show you daddy top the charts
cause only thing that he look at is
inside his heart khan always spit in
your the kind flows yes i'm gonna be so
intertwined with my mole oh motion's
gonna be leaving so emotional with
lyrics that they're speaking in the
quotes i throw kind yes you got to
deploy all the hot
girls and boys and girls go in this
picture all the lyrics you'd enjoy every
day you're gonna want it yes or no i'm
gonna toy with the lyrics hold up all
right moving on with the lyrics that i'm
doing feeling really strong switching up
the colors never looking monochrome mine
kind shine kinda looking chrome i find
the thing i'm searching for it's chrome
way i'm gonna be blurting you i'm
birthing you the truth all the info your
info a different rhyme is the lines
information every [ __ ] night
[Music]
i wasn't feeling that one
ah
now we did this
we did this i feel like we had to beat
this
see what we do when he
[Music]
with the ton of flows that way in your
mind like
how the [ __ ] you do that right there
[Music]
ah
see what i be doing yes i got to strike
gonna be mike on the mic
gonna show you that the flow is floated
over rivers yes i'm dunking yes i'm
gonna be gold here i know that i strike
all the light kind feeling like he might
gonna lie i know i'm always flowing you
the oceans of the flows i'm dunking on
your mind it gonna be goated what we
doing you know that it is my mission to
be shaking earth yes i'm gonna feel the
vision yes i'm gonna hide the people
hating on my mission yes i'm gonna spit
the lyrics ancient with the systems back
on bump inside your mind you know you're
gonna got to file all that there is yes
i'm fitting like a proper child proper
child with the way i'm acting wild yes
i'm acting really filed in the lines
that i'ma drive you khan showing you
that he be focusing on the line spitting
yes the antidotes gonna blend in the
lines and the potions that be lotioned
with the smooth type of rhymes that the
khan is gonna provoke up in the tombs
every night
ah lost it caution con is busting
through you know you gonna walk with
caution every day i'm gonna call this
it's game
piercing you with truth every day i say
all the lyrics never gonna apologize
with the lyrics that gonna make you so
appalled tonight i know that i'm gonna
be fierce with the way that i see her
the lyrics that i'm grilling in your
minds the brand is here kind of brandish
this here sold in his mind and you know
that you're gonna see me rap this year
a little different
see
[Music]
yes the strike on the mic yes the kind
is feeling like mike on the mic let me
show you that i'm gonna throw you all
these oceans every day i'm gonna do it
feeling really goated kind always gonna
strike you the lock kind feeling like
this [ __ ] mic on the mic now hold up
what we doing oceans are the flow [ __ ]
every day i'm thunking on your mind it's
feeling golden what we doing you know
that is going downtown it's gonna bounce
every day i make my rounds announce
you're the vows and the noun so
pronounced and i know that i'm pro with
the way i found out how to flow in the
rhyme yes i'm gonna be the mister robin
in history yes it's sounding so sinister
sending you the lyrics yes i switch
words the twister of those i'm gonna be
spinning in the wind that gone burst off
the top of my mind gonna make it slow
down you know that i'm spitting you
delirious oh wow cause i'm in the eye of
the storms through my mind through your
eyes with the improvised visors tonight
i see that i'm gonna just advise you to
rock with the guy who'll be spitting you
the wise dumb type rhymes and i know
that i'm in my wisdom yes i'm killing
yes incision all decisions that i'm
gonna be cutting through your system
see the way you're gonna be feeling the
kind it's gonna likely strike as kind
feeling like your [ __ ] mic on the mic
now kind spitting you the oceans of the
flocians and you're gonna know that it's
always feeling goated as i'm dunking on
the lyrics cause i'm funking in the
moment oh
uh shouts out to people
[Music]
how we doing
if y'all got beat requests let me know
if not i'm just gonna tell you these
flows we got about 15 minutes left plus
two maybe plus three maybe plus
mo who knows
show you hold up
this beat is raw but it's like the the
quality you know the quality
hold up what we doing you know that i
got the time kahn is going to show you
that i'm spitting through my mind you
know that i'm going to spit the hurry
type of freeze mca he be saying but it's
going gonna be history cause i hit the
next button yes i'm gonna flex something
in your mind hold up what we doing
gonna be flexing you the what you gonna
be wanting every time that he decide to
get up in the room man what we doing
shock you the lumens
[Music]
with shinobi don't know what that is i'm
kidding canoes because i can't know me
everyday i do free so i'm gonna flow
never rockin and canoes connie's gonna
show you that he never gon confuse the
way he moving in the line you gonna
one more line in the video through
camera the door what's good you know
they're the bump trolls in the line you
know that there's something good as i'm
cooking you're the book so they're gonna
leave you shook with where you gonna
look up at the logic i'll be spitting in
your nooks and crevices inside your
mouth on a concentrate now khan gonna
concentrate y'all in the room with the
concentrator juice that he spit yes i'm
fishing in the truth catching you the
pope for the
irvine improv was crazy yes i'm gonna
say these lyrics oh insane g it'd be 28
kings in the room with me maybe couple
queens too don't know g let me tell you
that i'm gonna throw your heat in the
logic for the flow i'm gonna be spitting
words i flow in the mind of kindness
killing here murder roll cause i'll roll
through the murder yes i'm gonna show
you the lyrics so provoked in the lines
and i know that this code read as i'm
gonna throw texts right up in your mind
and your don't mess is with the way that
you impressed with the way that the
press
the lyrics that gonna leave them so
pressed i express the lyrics that i get
to you in express and i know i'm gonna
show you that i'm spitting with the best
and i know you're gonna want it yes the
time i'm gonna invest in my might is
gonna take me to another level possessed
with my mind you're gonna know that you
sit there and do good as obsessed
and you don't want this every day i'm
gonna spit you the lyrics that you're
gonna want inside the [ __ ]
different tune hold up let me catch back
i'm gonna spark the hate away i'm gonna
spit the fire articulate the phrase that
i'm gonna be spitting you know that i
see words in spiking with the flow i'm
gonna be sea urchin i see these urges in
my mind i flow to see the surges i
caused through the circuitry i'm gonna
disperse this through the cables yes
it's wireless with the flow [ __ ] hold up
what we doing
so i gotta catch your back i gotta catch
it back
on though but
[Applause]
let me throw the rings down to a
different scale now very big with the
way i'm entering your brains now get the
swig of the way you say fly flows never
gonna whine kind always gonna be sipping
on the wine other way he thinking of his
life cause you know the ink is gonna be
what i'm spitting y'all through the mic
gonna be ripping through the time it's
so exquisite with the way i'm seeing
people on the line i'm gonna throw this
kind gonna throw this sound twisting you
the tormented sound i know i'm going to
speed the great up in your mind i'm
going to liberate the liberation of the
phrase inside my mind kind gonna have to
steal all the logic flipping kind of
like banana peel yes i'm slipping out
the lip it's all the lipids that i'm
spitting with the quickness yes it's
slickness how i'm spitting you the
liquor that you need and yes the liver
in your liver all the feelings that you
need and when you're drunk on the sound
now i'm gonna show you that you're
feeling really different with the
chillest type of bump in your mind now i
know i'm gonna find time to find lines
that just bind right right and i know
i'm gonna combine all these right right
left punches in your mind eating lunch
upon the rhyme it's a feast when i'm a
beast i'm all the lyrics this is west to
east side to side your mind sways as i
let it be in my mind i'm gonna be
crawling like the beatles be he be
getting in your mind i'm gonna speak you
these lyrics no secrecy the secrets
[Music]
tripping tripping no lucky
gonna give you something traveling
through the logic yes you gonna deliver
all the lyrics yes i'll take a flight up
in your silver ah never winning silver
only gonna be gold one two stepping on
the throne what we doing you know that
i'm gonna get degraded in your mind your
cheese and smiling cause it's decimated
with the decibels i'm baking and you
know i tested all the flows that i'd be
saying what we doing i'ma ban all the
flows i'll be a don i'm gonna ban those
people who abandoned the kind i know
that i'm gonna find the flowers can't be
a champion title holder i hold the
titles in my mind i'm gonna titulate the
chemistry i'm mixing weights i heard the
[ __ ] energy i say khan spitting you
the leaves that hang through the breeze
i'll be cutting connections i'mma get
the delected vote for presidential texts
that that spit up through your
residential reside he's next to i know
that your side gone sway cause rewind
type lines gonna find y'all eyes
with the lyrics never late i'm gonna try
it with the patience i know the vibe
sounding really ancient old school
futuristic with the way i'm taking
phrases and i travel through the time
unravel through my mind you gonna know
that no one else could [ __ ]
rap like the kind
bump this lyrical uplifting such a
mankind all that decentralized that
you're like now consensusly you see he
owns the center now as he paid the
seconds yes i'm gonna pay all the sense
now all the time and the taste i'm
shaking with the way that i'm quaking
your plates now you know that i'm going
to say
all the lyrics that amass your mind and
i curve the guys who hate the way i
massacre the line
[Music]
a beat we gotta do a beat
not that i don't [ __ ] with these beats
i [ __ ] with all the beats
fun seeing you on mr mac live yeah yes
sir the irvine max show is crazy that
was like a dream for everyone involved
was it was kind of wild
um
anyway
well let's do this trippy vibe i haven't
done this in a minute i love this one
oh [ __ ] i think my volume was low for
the last half of the stream oh well
[Music]
how we
how we feeling
[Music]
like to be torn into the guy who just
picking out his mind with the lyrics
that you buy
to get it really crazy khan gonna be
testing epic flows in his mind viral
very epidemic yes i'm going to impede on
resistance that i see every day you know
i'm going to speak it viciously on these
i see
that i'm going to be energized vote near
the mind i got the voltage every night
yes i'm shining in your minds
enlightening you with mics and i say
that i'm doing this each and every night
side how he do that right there kandy
crazy how in his mind he gonna see the
khan bleed everyday khan gonna
the way you stamp on the beat so
complete i
say that the sultan fleet of the rhymes
gonna take over the whole globe see
what i'm doing put them in a slumber man
khan gonna build the world with the
lumber man yes i'm gonna spit you all
the lyrics and i see these things you
gon be thinking gonna be put up on the
repeat he be speaking to the mean treats
speak these easy secret that he secretes
he gonna be a sea creature as he gonna
concrete your heart bars on the road to
the flow every day you found out that
they count on it like it so do try
with the way i'm spitting you the lyrics
out mouth khan gonna know this the
seeded soil gonna grow trees through his
forest painting you a picture through
the nature yes you can't defeat the dude
cause he be baking you the lyrics
sounding better hey how we doing see the
letters hey how we doing popping like a
seed is get it laid in the bowl yes your
bowl gonna sip the smoke hold up talk
guess you're feeling golden with the
weed you don't know
that i'm gonna find the time to find
environments who'll be hitting wraps you
know i'm meadow yes i'm feeding iron in
your mind i'm healthy for your bones
you're gonna need to like it kind it's
gonna provoke
on it hey how you doing kind gonna show
you all the rare logical the flow
they're gonna be cracking like a snare
to the throne con always gonna be air
till i take the whole pot got all of the
shares what we doing you know dead i'm
going poor the gold digging flow in my
mind through my core i'm going dismantle
lyrics yes i'm shaking through the globe
hold up what we doing yes i'm baking you
the truth
kind
showing you that you'll be feeling great
kind lifting spirits every day they'll
ever take kind showing you that they be
over sensitive sober messages couldn't
get them higher than the kid ah
cause i got the [ __ ] you up type strut
on the flow and i steadily adjust and
your bump jump higher with the weight
i'm gonna dunk thunk my to ya
with the lyrics that i tripped
[Music]
let's get it baby
all y'all who tuning in to me speak all
flaws in my mind it's gonna be the best
thing that i've ever seen cause
[Music]
it never occurred to me yeah same pocket
whole time that's true
but i did i did enunciate
differently
that one gets me in the pocket and i
gotta remember to switch out but
this one got a lot of pockets
bendy shouts out to the dude vincent
getting into the lyrical truth you know
you're gonna see it hold up what he
gonna do with all the flow that he be
speaking go inside the flow they're
gonna be glowing yes i'm sticking
cracking your mind i'm gonna attack it
tonight with all the tactics yes it's
coming out so strategized i'm gonna go
through all the stratosphere i got the
atlas here i see where i be going yes i
see your geographic clear khan gonna
show you that i stayed the harder i'm
gonna tell you got the biggest pockets
i'm showing you the khan is gonna rock
it never gonna be stopping riding yes
the kind is vibing see him sing all this
scary lyrics got the books like stephen
king what we doing never gonna pen the
things you'll hear cause the kind of see
and yes his vision gonna be clear
jetting through the sky lower defense
like it's leah what are we doing yes i
miss the bus so i'm gonna run so true
[ __ ] never gonna distrust kind them i'm
gonna fly the freer stuff yes i do it
from boston to nigeria
hi
how you doing where y'all are from tell
me in the comments so i can flow off of
the tongue let me show you that i'm
gonna show you what you want now kai
gonna leave the beat looking so undone
he's gonna speak what he sees every
second that he living gonna feel like
dreams cause it does seem that he does
what he gon want to each and every
[ __ ] eve the seasonal reasons that
i'm gonna speak to you gonna be because
the dude is believing in what he do khan
gonna do great flows outside two of the
people in the uk
i'm going on another one and it's line
after line that i throw out to people
out the line done i know that i do great
flows khan says what's good to luke webb
bro hitting it up a 9 with the pk bro
it's the right side every time it's con
strikes shouts out to the high school
vibes i know that i'm gonna point
out the part with the hole in one strut
on the mic that i bark and you gon know
that khan's the only one who can do the
stunt wear your drums up off the tongue
and breathe along the lyrics that you're
gonna leave see then now i'm gonna
season y'all with the lyrics that i cook
up cause i'm seizing all the
opportunities you're gonna know i'll be
the clever man who'll just give you all
the lyrics and just give you all the
steady raps and kind gonna see don out
in the netherlands and i asked for a
couple seconds to throw love about the
frankfurt holder what are we doing you
know that i got there is ensign in the
love and my [ __ ] heartbeat through
the dude who reflecting words off my
screen it's verses that i see converse
with all the things i serve inside your
mind i'm talking to the people who gonna
want the way that i'm gonna speak to you
you're gonna see this kind spit the
variations of the foes you know that
it'd be the rare stations that you gonna
tune into
cause the sequences of frequencies gonna
prove you your mind is gonna see me be
the beat up and confuse you cause the
kind fuels all the circuitry he produces
[ __ ]
moving on
hold up what we doing you know that i
got the time to show you who you are
you the do you all the legends who be
tuned into the lyrics hand up all my
bars ah what
you know that i'm going to do teams
instead of going to burn your house down
it's fueling who's him who be doing all
the true hymns off the top is mine
giving you the true [ __ ] hold up what we
doing you know that i think the lesson
the beat gonna be the only thing that
sees oppression when i be speaking yes i
put it down what we doing hey the
greatness gonna be fluid now kind is
gonna take vacations in the fluids hound
daddy spewing yes he gonna be dripping
off the route i know that i'm gonna
never clash with the lyrics i'm dripping
through my mind got the fashion inside
of the session tonight i'm going to be
blessed tonight i'm going to teach you
all the lessons that you're going to
study now
buddy buddy with the sound now
never struggle gonna cuddle gonna cozy
up to rhymes now hold up what we do when
you know that i speak it funny cause i
see the smiles on their faces bout the
money that i'm gonna be spending with
the time in the bank now you know that
is bang now yes i switch it down now
hold up you know that i'm going to got
freeze khan gonna stand up about to
holly
what are we doing you know that is holy
moly duels bit the holy boldy the bold
tree that they tune into what we doing i
do this lyrical things inside your mind
and concrete gonna flow oh yes you're
stepping on the floor that i draw and
you gon know that i'm behaving different
shaving minds every day i'm gonna say
the liquid lines kind gonna get up in
your mainframe through your circuitry
yes i'm steady in your brain wave i know
my brain waves high through the ladder
that i'm gonna be speaking on the mic i
know i'm gonna leave you so surprised
cause the kind gonna give you the serve
the prize die what are we doing you know
that i got the cure yes i'm matching
your delirious got your [ __ ] pure
thoughts up in your mind yes i had the
great flows yes i'm going to be variable
like potatoes hold up what we doing yes
i had to hate the people who do not
think the flow's immaculate i'm gonna
show you that i do the 12 servings of
the shots in your mind yes you're
self-serving you'll be drunk on the line
now do it really crazy all up inside
your house i'm telling you i got the
fire dose your mind now you're gonna
never walk out your line ah what we
doing get it fly flow's gonna be flexing
yes i'm gonna exercise i'm gonna text
your lines every day you're blessed with
the way i'm sitting in my mind jules
through the flow yes i'm gonna produce
you the flow oh hold up what we do
induce you the whole mode i don't know
what that means deduce the flow bro
putting all the puzzles right up in a
row row you know that imma give your arm
and a leg and i know that the karma
detects that the dog gonna carve all the
lanes in your heads with the lines the
debris on the head yes they had all the
mics just a head high with the lyrics
and i say hi two people thinking that
your head now i'm gonna show you what
it'd be what'd it be is the free that
the dude gonna speak i know you couldn't
[ __ ] talk better than to do cause he
spent time he gonna stalk all the rhymes
he gonna travel with and yes inside the
flies every day you're gonna see me find
out why they living this way i don't
know i'm gonna move you know that i'm
gonna give you all the lyrics and the
truth in the booth and i know that i'm
gonna show you proof proof your roof
goes away when i switch to the tunes
go back to the lyrical thought i'm gonna
throw in the heart
other people who'll be tuning in to me
to me
hey what's good to the people
um i see ego austin i see pal vision i
see hayato i see scheme kos i see don i
see hazam
i see
scheme kos
i see stony vision
i see reflector i see laws of flow i see
karma [ __ ]
i see television
i see everyone in the room who gonna
tell me kitties going off the top with
the fly top rhymes and i know that i
might find time to tell you that it
might just be that time kind
going to spit on this beat and fine time
to give you what you need out tonight
jerry are on the scene and i know that
i'm scarier with the mean type flows and
i know that i'm rarer with the freeze i
know that i'm staring you with these
thoughts that i'm throwing on
the line
what we doing you know that i let these
[Music]
lyrics go working out on the flow every
day got the flexi
how i'm gonna do it yes the next free
spit to who gonna do it every day he let
free all the thoughts up in his mind and
it goes hard when i'm thinking how i'm
chilling sitting at the [ __ ]
courtyard getting high a little bit my
oh my how that feeling hit when you
listen to the music i'm gonna be
choosing i know that you're moving fine
a different type of way to be thinking
about your life is kind on the brink of
giving you the truest taxes kind
spitting you the flow it's oceanic i'm
saying oh [ __ ] yes i gonna demand it
[Music]
bouncing cabooses i'ma train y'all to
dance through the logical tracks that
delay
gonna tell you that the rage wraps never
coming out feeling so happy yes it is
the stagecraft burning down the stage
with the craft yes i built i'm logging
in i got my [ __ ] raft built i'm
flowing through the ocean yes i'm
stowing you a different type of leather
threaded in this liquid tune kind
connecting all the atoms yes i'm up in
atom with the lyrics yes addicted in
your addicts now tune into the way i
scatter all the patterns out cater to
the haters cause i'm born a blast
allowed lyrics in the line they cannot
deny the kind gonna define how you
vibing tonight ah say i'm gonna get it
done hey i told dp's out out to
everyone he be dipping cause he thinking
that he could be listening to the do for
two hours appreciate you homie
see what i be doing kind got the party
written in tune with all of the things
he feels
with all other things he's singing to
you this
sounding really different in my mind i'm
going to show you that i tell you that
i'm flossing out the lyrics yes it's
south a dental how we do this clear with
the way i'm going to declare all the
lyrics that i learned yet yes i'm in the
air flying papa tony catch the first
round does that allow peace calm crew
for a throw in your mind that's allowed
as [ __ ] homie papa tony you're my god
hold up what we doing we're going at
least three more vibes i
tell you that you're needing to be
seeing this outrageous type of [ __ ] he's
speaking
amplify the logical the lines they've
been through the wires through the sky i
got the fire yes i'm burning down i'm
flowing through the sky i got it
energized inside the lyrics that i'm
gonna find inside your stations yes your
sub is gonna be bumping i'm gonna spit
schematics of these rhymes i know you
don't really know what kind's doing but
my engineering fine you'll see the dude
revenue reverend with the way he
preaching reaching through his mind
telling you what you'll be needing to be
teaching childs
the magma flying the light shines bright
yes it's magnifying now the fire shines
bright
it's the magma frying when the con
rhymes right
[Music]
how we doing god damn bro
let me trust you
to take a trip with the dude like
mushrooms
[Music]
papa tony you my guy you know that write
a lot of love to my duel cause he threw
35 as i burn the mic down in your mind
and it's dirty how i'm going to act so
naughty on the [ __ ] words i'm going
to [ __ ] find i'm the motto hold up
serve you the lyrics since i'm feeling
some sonder
[Music]
people living a different life and you
know i'm gonna
[Music]
show them that they could be getting
inside their mind and i'll do you fine
all the lyrics and the super size with
the bigger type of lyrics that i'm gonna
be throwing and i find time to show you
that we gonna be getting to the [ __ ]
rhythm that i'm spitting every day i'm
blending all the limits so infinite you
know that the fun way that you feeling
never mundane cause i'm gonna do this
all the dumb things that you're gonna
move to
let me tell you all the thoughts in my
mind i'm gonna be amazed with the way
i'm getting in my hard drive put it in
the case now i'm gonna do a fresh freeze
plug it into my screen through the usb
let me show you how i might free all the
lyrics handle these thoughts up in my
mind charged like a battery for the
camera g i wired that [ __ ] up to the
outlet so now i can go on for like two
whole hours yes i'm feeling really
strong now see how i'm gonna spit the
hot tea or sip the hot tea or piss the
hot tea it just flowing through the mind
g what we doing you know that i'm gonna
be moving through the lyrics get dumb
with the thoughts through your [ __ ]
headphones and earbuds and your ear
gonna be my bud friendly with the way
you're tuning in to where you flood your
head with all the lyrics yes i'm flowing
through your blood inventive with the
things you're going to want what we be
doing tying all the wires up i'm the
wise guy twisting you the strings of the
theories i try to spit feeling really
organized you know i'm throwing fly the
rhymes so synchronized in your mind you
know i'm sticking to the vibe i know
that i'm gonna be taking you to heights
it's mid fresh with the way i'm feeling
high i know that i've been blessed with
my rhymes see what i'm doing yes i got
the cold breeze of the wind through the
pipe like it's cold freeze for your
thing that you're gonna [ __ ] dust off
damn i just lost the word for the
[ __ ] thing that i'm holding in my
mind right
how we doing got these lyrics yes you
know it's coffee energize moving on to
the words denies yes i'm going this
picture all the lyrics i'ma try to get
you all the lyrics just to see your
great kind take your pancan gonna go
alleviate all of the violations that i'm
gonna flaw when you're by your little
lanes bro
ah see i'm to do it quintessential
kind spit you all the lectures
i'm going to spit this so essential
now kind of spitting in your venues all
the messages you know i'm going to hit
edit never homie added lyrics right
together like arithmetic tell me what we
doing
the rhythm gonna need the medics homie
cause i'm gonna spit it yes i'm gonna
get it told inside the story that i'm
gonna spit rap your greatness time gonna
take the rhyme disambiguation and just
put it in the way you're feeling
conjuring all the flow that the jury
laws gonna be laid down in your [ __ ]
soul who's he who be dripping you the
style looking like his gucci who's he
who'll be glimmering yes he's simmering
every day he's swimming in inside the
foes he been the best line connector
inside the rhyme he gonna disconnect
never i know i'm gonna rap you're the
bag of the round to the spit with the
swag it's your wag your tail never
failed to make you happy hey how you
doing you know that you understand me
hey i'm just gonna be spearing in your
mind i had to shake the plate the earth
is gonna quake what we doing i'm
painting you the natural picture
renaissance with the rhymes that i'm
gonna get inside seances of rhymes every
day hold up what we doing say khan got
the way that you're feeling every day
and it's feeling really great and you
know you got to rate the kind
[Music]
but you're something different
juxtaposition
with the hot coal rhymes and the dark
hot to me that i die on your eyes with
the colors that don't bleed through the
blue red lines looking purple with the
heart that you're feeling so royal with
kind king kind digging all the nuggets
in my mind king kind speaking something
that
[Music]
pressing enter maniac in my craniac with
the way i rap
we got one more
wait we got two more
[Music]
[Music]
how the kai freeze i don't know what i e
is is the island i don't really know so
i'm saying hi to the people on the line
the flag's not really coming through
right emoji's gonna be evoking the lies
in my mind when i don't know what that
is i'm gonna show you these words outed
islands like a paradise i'm feeling like
it's easter yes it's western with the
way i'm going to vibe you i'm going to
shoot you down with my [ __ ] mic i see
did i sway your side to side do wrong to
none and i say the hot survive yes i
trust you might do wrong to no one yes
that is the way you got to live now
cause i don't know why you gotta hate to
give now yes i'm gonna be so amazing
with styles hold up what we doing yes i
ash that mic every day yes you smash
that like button everyday kind of gonna
be strutting yes i'm gonna tell you that
you're feeling something something
different he'd be so different with
these lyrics that he shifting gifted
with these essences the shining yes he
looming in the mantle and you're gonna
know i'm gonna be losing instrumentals
what we doing yes i'm creeping yes i'm
reaping rewards i wanna show you that
i'm at a [ __ ] war with the logical
delirious you know that i got it mankind
live inside this country call it
kanistan ah no khan is on and he's tan
with the way he that he burned your skin
hold up yes you came to wade that you
relate to great foes that deep on the
speed it never gonna be late on time yes
i'm gonna obfuscate the whack rhymes i
know that i've got to break the fact
lines are down what we doing you know
that i'm spitting you the lyrics and
intruding inside your [ __ ] mind just
us on in the room we're feeling all the
beat i guess yes it's eric just the sun
what are we doing you know that i like
this kind sending love all about the
cypress now you know that i got the
quotients in my mind the dividends is
gonna be omnipotent cause i'm godly with
the way i'm gonna be living in the lines
and the seconds that i'm sipping in the
thoughts in my mind gonna be crazy yes
i'm potential
[Music]
what we doing you know that i'm gonna
tell you that i spoke this yes you know
potential's gonna be potent i tell you
that i speak fly stuff you know that i'm
gonna be detritus is he a god i don't
know but i'm gonna try to tell you all
the hope in the line gonna be how i
[ __ ] rhyme and the symphonized sound
sound and synthesized cause i'm gonna
fit the flow so synchronized improvised
i say that i'm going to do the vicious
lyrics so ubiquitous with the way that
you feel great with the rhymes
why is beats making
hold up hold up
we're almost at the end
we just did this one two of these beats
we gotta get a we gotta get a banger but
a low key banger
a low key banger for the last b you know
unless someone goes crazy
i never want to count out the someone go
crazy factor
and throw the pink super chat
but um
let's do something dope
let's see let's see let's see how we be
feeling shouts out to the people 21 in
the room
let me find this beat that them
[Music]
yeah one of these
[Applause]
this one there you go
all right guys i appreciate y'all for
tuning in to all of the hot flowers
let me tell you that i added freeze
never yes i'm fighting black and white
like it's ebony and ivory you know that
i'm spitting you the hottest freeze
every day i'm gonna be poison ivg how
i'm entwining your bloods you're gonna
be itching for the country i see that
i'm gonna spit you the blisters pop you
my blood thoughts yes it's gonna glister
but it's not gold it's just gonna be
bold with the way you're feeling with
all of these flows hold up you know that
i'm gonna be wedded to the lyrics yes
i'm gonna be wetter with the flavor that
i'm spitting like a [ __ ] fly i be
feathering the rhythm you know that i do
it every wednesday with the with them ah
wednesday with the rhythm yes you better
witness all the lyrics that i'm spitting
what we doing yes i do it growing this
business you know that i'm gonna do it
like my business what we doing you know
that my business in your heads when you
gonna tune into the riddles that i'm
gonna detect and the letters that i'm
gonna be spitting and you're gonna know
it and i'm getting vicious and i'm
evolution with the way i'm saluting all
the people tune into all these slow
solutions i know did i sing some lyrics
king khan coming up the king dome i see
that i had verses added right together
yes i'm gonna advertise the rhymes kid
advertise the raps kid what we doing
gold music oh no they done flowing
through [ __ ] ride up in your mind get it
great kind spit the sweet ceo flow so
delicate now delegate styles yes i'm
going to manage you the crazy great
styles yes i'm passing challenges with
truly great styles yes you know i'm
setting all the standards i be never
deviating with my styles what we doing
you know that i'm going to do the [ __ ]
kind of spitting you the lyrics here
lunatic looming in his attic fighting
for the lyrics every day so addicted to
the way i'm gonna be spitting this
diction and i know i'm gonna be adding
this [ __ ] in your mind and you're gonna
call it rhyme addition what we doing you
know that a festa in your mind joke
around clown wear like a [ __ ] festa
but you gonna know that don't make no
[ __ ] sense imma just give you all
these thought gestures that be going
through my mind when i be seeing all
these words grown sometimes making sense
sometimes i do not know but i'm gonna go
with my crown gold off the top king kong
gonna be turning on the dock and i'm
sipping all the what did you want it in
the lines switching all the power all
the watts in the lines yes i do it
through what sats and the lines in your
message texture all the contacts tonight
let me show you
[Music]
ah [ __ ]
dude too much there let's let's let's do
it
ah let's do it outro b guys um
appreciate y'all
[Music]
are we gonna be out baby
i appreciate y'all so much
um
i do this because i feel true with the
people in the room
[Music]
tune into the way i spew the lyrics and
i had this rad trick
score it three times yes you know i'm
kicking in the hat trick cause bartico
come through
with the love and i got the limericks i
been this kid who spit this i spin this
in the vinyl
when why i excel i don't know but i
tell you something different never blew
but it's sky high with the way i'm
dripping through the clouds and your
drives all the storage of the rhymes
never ending and i'm gonna tear a line
as i bite through the lyrics that i'm
spitting and i
see
19 go know that reflector is going to
see me reflect flows and i tore through
the states of time in my mind and
lukewarm pk saying do a melody tonight
all right hold up what we doing
khan gonna show you that you get it free
i'm gonna show you that i'm never energy
i'm telling you itself
[Music]
spelled that name wrong
[Music]
yes i'm making limping lyrics like it'd
be olympics
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we had to go on a little different with
the guy who be tuning on strong how's it
going yes i'm gonna be stuffing you with
the truth inside the flow shouts out to
dog muffin and i'm gonna go on all the
showing you that i be finding verses yes
it's so cursive yes i'm finding curses
that i'm spelling yes it's witchcraft
with the witchcraft that i'm choosing in
the flow that just switch in my raft i
don't know
how we doing how we doing kind of going
to spitting zap shouts out to all the
people in the room t-bird is coming
through and then it's the family coming
through
and everyone else chilling who's i don't
want to use my [ __ ] name okay
[Music]
oh man all right all right all right
here we go
sorry we gotta do uh papa tony no no
disrespect
the extensions you threw
but you know that i'm gonna show you
that you're gonna sit there and know who
khan is gonna be when he just grows in
your mind i'm entering your rules who to
do
who'll be steadily improving yes he
readily intruding in your mind
telling you the crazy phrases yes it's
never lazy putting in the time con
showing you the skillets of the rhymes
i'm grilling and they say in me that you
killed it
children better learn from the dude
wilderness couldn't be more wild than
the dude khan telling you the hot [ __ ]
that y'all want every night i'm gonna
shine uprise all the lyrics that bump
rise and raise all the sunshine lyrics
the rain king kind is gonna rain all the
thoughts in this brain kind gonna show
you that i'm spitting you the wet rhymes
hold up what we doing you know that i
get time put into the way i'm spitting
you the wet lines i know that i'm gonna
find papa told me stubborn toe with the
way i kick a flow turn in tables bro he
earns time spitting five six times to
tony and t burns bro kind gonna find all
the flows you know that i'm gonna be on
the winding road the level up is crazy
never settle with the phrases i be going
to the top homie didn't you know i'm
gonna fiddle these slopes you gonna get
the riddles flows what we doing
stringing you the theories off my dome
relatively energized with the way i
throw equations off the top of my mind
read the textbook row context in the
books that the dude flowed through when
he was little child learning all the
thoughts in his mind you know that i'm
always gonna provoke woke with the way
i'm waking up you with the flow oh
no what they do lie in your mind
nothing's high yes i'm gonna climb
with the limbs and you know i'm going to
find time to just sing you the hymns off
the top it's fitness how i fit this i
nestled in your mind with the lyrics
that be getting infinitely fly and i
know that i'm going to incise cut it up
i'm going to hand it to you in your size
fitting right in the line it's fitting
right cause the guy spitting right
tonight on the mic it's vision i'm gonna
see in the optics i'm spitting now
iconic
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
peace out to the people
[Music]
we're feeling really lethal
because just burn down the house with
the sequel
uh peace to the people yet again
because this was real
and appreciate
people till the end
um let's get a more chill
hey hey i appreciate y'all really really
crazy a lot of people from omega like
it's actually insane how many people i
meet on omegle and they come through
they're like oh i'm from omegle or like
they're in the comments like oh i'm from
amigo that's super dope
um also everyone who just [ __ ] with me
overall
that come through that's super dope
everyone who knows me in real life that
is starting to show up
on the stream
shouts out to all you
uh and you know we're just feeling
really good as we spit into the tunes
and hopefully your neighborhood feeling
really good as a
lady's truths all right guys um go check
out the omegle bars or not omega bars
sorry it's
stranger flows
ah getting into my mind got to get the
brandon right um
well go check out the omegle bars
reactions if you haven't those are
always fun
go check out my own stranger flows
um you all know that i'm gonna start
hopefully you know
testing the flow out in public as i walk
down the road so
[Music]
um
we're chilling we chilling spartacus
chilling reflector chilling snuffy
chilling laws of flow chilling papa tony
chill poor gun ice cube chilling
everyone in the room
um appreciate y'all leave a like before
you go if you [ __ ] with the flow
never duck the flow bro we feeling lucky
cause we got breath to grow inside our
lungs and i got the breath of the rows
and columns that i
building the foundation of the way you
feel
peace