what's good to the people on the scene
youtube it's the friday scene every
night and you got to be
tuned into the way i got the free for
the people tune into the way i can
off the top my mind winning w's khan is
gonna show you lyrics yes i trouble you
with the lyrics on the double dude yes
you wanted to at the time step your one
toe with the best type of rhyme con
gonna tell you that you need to tune in
i'm gonna show you that i'm spelling you
the true [ __ ] up off the tongue let me
let it slung fill my lungs with the
breath of what i'm gonna become
gonna say hi to the dude dave on the
line saying hey yo
what'd it do you know that i'm gonna
reflect a couple of my tones i it's
[Music]
how was your open mic it was though but
i was a little late to sign up cause
they did this switch up i don't know but
you know i was going at like midnight so
you know i got the fuel homies chilling
listening to all the flows they done
spitting but it was live yes you know
what went off on the beach shouts out
carrie perez who don't tune in to me
with the speech yes you gon know that
this jose guerra saying yo yo what they
do homes got the keys up with my flow
flex flows let's go with zfro though
you're gonna know that i had to gather
all the lyrics i'mma rather spit the rap
in your mind it's gonna happen every day
i'm gonna be slapping yet by end you gon
be clapping i'm laughing all the lyrics
signed the contracts yes i spoke it out
the back my mind got the fire raps what
we doing yes i'm dashing with the lines
i'm smashing in your mind i'm going to
ash and mike when i be clashing rhymes
uh know dead i'm going to spit your
other lyrics yes you've been locating
kind on your mind cause he's pitting you
the letters yes he got all this
transliteration on the mind ah
switching get the where y'all translate
your mind
ah shouts out to the nine people
chilling with me right now early in the
stream
i know i was a little late
i know i was a little late shout out to
everyone who checked out uh
the reaction earlier today shouts out
everyone who's gonna check it out later
why is this beat not playing youtube
we gotta auto play these
[Music]
what is going on
okay
there we are there we are right now
let me get the word let me get the word
from the dude it's gonna be fern bird
yes i'm flying entertainment in your
mind every time i'm gonna be flying all
the amazing lit the lines and you'll
know i'm gonna be booking the way i'm
gonna be lyrically cooking yes you're
gonna know i'm birthing the verse i'll
be the father mom's gonna know that they
had to [ __ ] a beat up one time whoa you
know that i'm gonna
tell you that i'm getting you the brush
strokes of the rhythm that i'm spitting
on the canvases i'm gonna be painting
eight and crazy how we spit the old
school ancient flows you can't miss no
i'll be spitting you deliveries yes i do
not spit whoa what we do with you though
that'll spit it on it in your mind up in
your brains it sounded so neurotic and
you gon know that i'm gonna spin it on
it don't mind you know that i got the
algorithm defined and kind yes i'm gonna
encrypt the line up in the cold cold
with the freeze that i'm spitting in
your dome what we doing you know that
i've been located all the lyrics kind of
gonna be innovations clapping every day
i'm gonna be slapping you the
innovations yes i'm gonna invention
other flow i mean
with the flow that i breathe right up in
your homes cold with the [ __ ] freeze
kind don't rap this tactic guess i got
the rap antics every time i'm gonna slap
this i know i'm gonna throw the freeze
in your mind can't do it different no
normalcy i be telling you that i be so
pure in the line kind of spit the flow
now they don't allure in the line i know
i'm gonna choose to spit the flows wide
up in the lyrical tones that you're
gonna want and i'm gonna stab and you
clap what you thought yes it's bad with
the calculated raps that i'm gonna spit
up in the sphincters of the people yes
you're gonna have a little tincture
what's a tincture it's like a tickle i'm
gonna be a mixture of the lyrics that i
spit no ink dude you're gonna see it
every day you're spitting just entitled
to the medal as a paddle you're the
metal lyrics yes i'm gonna wrap your
mind it's so gifted with the presents
off the top
no more i'm gonna spit you all the rock
getting flows you know that i go so nuts
you're gonna see me crack a flow like
your coco nuts so hold up
where's the birthday girl carry oh happy
birthday carrie if you're in here
how we doing to the people you know that
i got the time to just follow these
lyrics outside charlie you know that we
out and by
and you know i'm gonna say what's good
to my guys g hi how you doing yes i say
this lyrics yes i'll be the one i'm the
matrix you know that i'm gonna do it got
the greatest lyrics off the top yes i'm
gonna say tricks treat you the flows yes
it's sweet ceo you're gonna see me yes
i'm living really doping flows in my
mind yes it's gonna be fine peace to the
guys one time it's your mind gonna be
tuning into icon as i say days yes you
love these lyrics out to ac what we
doing you know that i'm gonna had edits
never that homie yes i do it's strategic
i'm just going to make it paraplegic as
i'm beating up the feet every day you
speak the legal type of laws in your
mind and it's regal how the king kong
gonna spit you things that you gon want
now whoa got the templates our rhymes
contemplate another thought it's
concentrated on your mind you know
concerts have been the way he writes the
lyrics in the second time
damn what we doing just the flow's great
i can't see through it yes it's gonna be
opaque vivid on your mind yes you living
really bad yes you know i'm gonna be
frigid with the freeze off the top kind
gonna tell you that it's being clear
cause stony vision tuning in yes we in
here i know that imma just rap you the
great shots of over yet they gonna see
me annihilate these flows
shouts out to the people
[Music]
shouts out that could go around bro that
that melody is insane
one of my favorite beats
actually the beat i used
at the open mic
[Music]
you know that i'm gonna be just bouncing
to the vibe i know that you're vibing to
the guy and providing your lyrics since
i'm on the interstate of my drive i'm
gonna in your states as i be global
tonight local inside your mind
residential kind of taking over slow got
the presidential flow getting high with
the logical vibe and i know that i'm
gonna crisscross on your mind spit boss
let the lines tick talk on the line you
know that i'm going to clock in
clicking on stream and they going to be
watching so i got this lyrics you know
that i'm going to say hey i'll detail
cole you know that i'm going to spit you
the great flows my friend loves horses
shout out to your friend you know that
i'm gonna race yes i'm winning in the
courses of the horse races yes you
better bet on the con cause i'm winning
and you're gonna get it wet with the
rhymes and i say that i'm winning gold
yes i got the thicker lines they gone
behold let the god boldly just to find
the flow free everyday the story i'm
just gonna float is gonna go inside your
mind i'm gonna do it cold kinda gonna be
the rhyme marsupial ooh you know that
i'm gonna be smart i'm gonna get inside
the target yes i hit the dogs right up
in your mind yes i'm going to auction
i'm going to put you in an er poking in
your mind oh hold up you know that i'm
going to spat this kind got the rap
tactics kind going to give you what you
need spam sandwich 9.
you know that i'm going to be cooking
yes i'm flipping you're the layers of
the tunes up in your mind khan is gonna
be the best on confusion for guys who do
not really got all the flows up over the
top i'll be killing all the flows and
the [ __ ] balls hold up what we doing
you know that i got the five eight at
the time from my dual warrior okay maybe
minus one but i'm gonna find the one
that you needed every day i'm spitting
you i am the one that be getting in the
only one and only type of flow that the
flow so [ __ ]
how we doing you know that i'm gonna
spit the flow slide there's
so i can't focus on the comments in the
tune but you know i'm going to switch it
up i'll be a witch i caught the magic
and i know i'm going to spit it and
you're going to see his vicious what we
doing go up kind going to make it jump
green beans saying sup i
af with the flow vibro yes it's sick af
hey how we doing yes i had to branch out
inside my mind i flowed the avalanche
sounds of free that be hitting on your
mind hail to the car one time with the
fire what we doing you know that i'm
gonna speak words get up in the lyrics
yes it gonna be feature frame by friend
yes you're gonna see me do me yes i'm
gonna be sorry of my own movie whoa you
know that i'm gonna do this confuse a
letter right together no confusion he
gonna do it every day yes he be so
elusive how we do the true with lyrics
yes he choose it off the [ __ ] rhythm
and you're gonna wanna listen khan is
gonna shine yes the kind that's gonna
listen what we doing you know that i do
this [ __ ] khan is revving engine yes i
got the fuselage what we doing
what we doing is i had to synthesize the
letters it's a labyrinth of puzzles that
i'm gonna be solving every day you know
that i'm scattering the patterns in my
brain all about the saturn i'll be
winning rings when i'm going to be
winning this yes it's going to extra
ending in your [ __ ] heads uh
ot with the bold freeze oh gee with the
cold freeze oh he's
different
who's with me baby
how we doing
gotta catch my breath god damn
[Music]
let me
the cold freezing coated in my mind
going encrypted different type of
feelings every day you tune on kind
hitting streams got the keys open doors
to your video screens what we doing he's
going to tell you how we living in the
moment b present you all the presents
every day i'm flowing free you know i'm
looming in my essence yes i'm shining g
what we doing kind going to be a star
got all the bars you gon want now yes i
got the logical little sound now yes
you're gonna see the crime hitting
really right now kind got the
chronological flows and sounds and i
know that you're gonna get embers burned
in your mind yes i do it every september
and every october imma hop over your
mind got flows for the month just i got
sober tonight inside my mind and let it
spray every day i lift vibes yes i
elevate your mind steady heading elves
to the people hating you know that i'm
flying so parallel they'll be waiting
what are we doing you know that i rap
this baby sleeping on me on the comfiest
of mattresses i'm gonna wrap this in
your head and to dreams incepting in
theologies of rhythms that i see yes i'm
gonna breathe breathe just you [ __ ]
see what i'm gonna be thinking every day
i'm gonna believe did i do this every
day i had a bar so fancy i'm gonna be
cooking it like caviar what we doing you
know that i get art on your mind can't
go through them like it's kevlar khan
gonna put it right up in his mind every
day inside my temple yes i'm gonna ride
you know that i'm spitting all the birth
inside phrase khan gonna go up out to
the v.a it's virginia hey what we doing
today i'm gonna be fluid with the
movement that be cruising through my
brain now kind through a fat never
gluten free imma see the fat flows yes i
spew the heat you know that i'm gonna
have to just say this khan gonna be
patriotic in the flow phrases he be
patriotic to the way he gonna be feeling
in his mind i don't know who the
[Music]
all right all right all right all right
let's get your back you know that i'm
gonna got scary freeze kind do it every
last thing yes it's posterity it's for
the posterity who gonna tune into the
eyes river phrase that i'm gonna speak i
know that they do this [ __ ] kind goes
inside his mind feel the foolishness
please can you play eminem premonition b
okay you know that i'm going to spit it
viciously oh [ __ ] it's will kaiser on
the rhythm g yes they throwing me the
energy up in the scene with the chat
feeling so super and you know i'm gonna
do more word shouts out gary too one
second homie imma just say the words of
all the god
sentence to me you know that i'm gonna
find all the lyrics you know that i had
to stand on on the lyrics but i'm gonna
fix it nail it down like hammer you know
that i'm gonna do a head all of the ammo
yes i'm gonna shoot you down you know
i'm gonna had you on my radar as i say
star shine brighter in my mind as i got
the quasar i don't know what that means
but it rhymes so i'ma say hard bars that
i'm thinking every night i'ma see you
beeping yes you're looking red when i'm
gonna point your cold red emergencies
get it in your head just detect where
you'll be on my gps scene and you don't
know that i'm gonna be spinning you the
freeze yes it's vinyl yes it's classic
yes it's beyblade with the way i slice
the spinning flows inside today brains
what we doing yes i'm gonna be winning
vinyl's gonna be spinning infinitely yes
i'm never slowing down connie's gonna
build it yes he molding you the sound is
gonna be pottery it's grown ceramic in
your [ __ ] mouth damn what we doing
needed to end it on ceramic
but what geyser what's good homie
appreciate you the 20 coming through
and my man jerry coming through with the
roll call the love is real
the love is real in the chat as well
shouts out to everyone in the room
following along
with everything that we've been up to
see you know that is scary
i'll be spitting this ain't no way
is he on live again today yes you know
that it's
every no change hey
how you doing yes i flow out the things
you'll be needing yes i do a roll call
gonna spit understand me heard phrases
it's for my mind i'll be saying happy
birthday damn you know that it's gonna
be scary great with the lyrics that he
sent about to carry k and hey you know
that you're gonna be congruent with the
kk initials equate to the vibe dude you
know that i'm gonna spit you what you
like though i'm gonna get up on the mic
out to michael and say that i'm gonna be
mike on the mic strike you with lyrics
off the top of the top and i know that
you see me every day i'm gonna rap free
contended love out to the homie ashley i
know that i'm gonna bore you with words
con gonna send love to its warrior i'm
going to tell you i'm at a war with
words yes it's going crazy yes it's
gonna be ac code with inventive type of
flows i'm gonna spit it yes it's scary
how i carry gonna tune into the way i'm
gonna flow hey how we doing yes it's
jason in room with the dude who knows me
hits tony in two yes you gon know did
this fit your other lyrics just reflect
upon the lyrics that are spitting in the
business and i know i'm great kind
sending love to jose j and then you're
gonna see me getting true hot flows on
your mind at the whosome spark please
lyrics dr marquis i'm gonna mark these
down you'll see hit the target sounds
darts gonna be flying yes they hit in
the middle you gonna know i'm gonna spit
your lyrics since i'm proud of the
things i'm gonna be getting yes i'm
twisted in the riddles kind don't be
scribbling the [ __ ] flows yes i'm
gonna be telling you i'm dribbling the
flows get into the lane yes i'm spinning
you the english every day i say what you
gonna to witness swish it yes you're
wishing for the intuition better
spitting in the lyrics as i take
positions in my mind the composition's
gonna come control
to the way you're gonna wanna feeling
your dome hold up you know that i'm
gonna got some bloom's lines right up in
your mind blossom who's god who'll be
spitting you the awesome lyrics that you
want you and our son what we doing yes
it's gonna be every day i'm gonna spit
your other lyric freeze it'd be so
precise in the way i'm gonna spit the
nice lyrics as you so enticed with the
way i'm gonna find time to tie the sky
high lines and i'm vibing cable through
the sky i'm gonna be flying high and i
know i'm gonna make you look like a lip
kid when i'm winning rings yes you call
olympus but he couldn't beat the way
that i'm spitting this so i'm gonna put
him in the position that you witness
them what we doing just to step freeze
consented love can't constant love to
carry whoa you know that i'm gonna do
the fly flows i'm feeling bone or a bow
so invulnerable with the way i'm gonna
pull you all the lyrics that you won't
be wanting right up in your domes 19
gonna find me spit your flows flames
coming out the guy he'd just be exposed
with the way he spitting you know they
didn't sound ill kind got the sound yes
it's gonna be sound trill i don't know
what trill is but you know i'm gonna
grill the lyrics and they always gonna
be real and you know that i'm shocking
smooth fluid like an eel
[Music]
[Music]
in the room i'm gonna knock out
the lines just to provide the mouth open
wide tight vibes every day that the dual
words sound and superb
you know that i'm going to spit you
never had to take the time to no
planning
yes i'm going through your global yes
i'm going through the space yes i'm
going through the planets i know i'm
going to get inside the festivals of all
the lyrics that possess my soul when
i'mma get it in my mind i'm going to
manifest the role yes it's gonna be
festivals every second that i'm living
khan gonna feast on flows i'm gonna be
the guy who inspire a whole legacy of
people who'll be tuning in to way i'm
gonna speak to and then be like damn
maybe i could do that too bro so you go
ahead bro let's just get ahead with the
way we living really fresh up in our
head yes you know i'm gonna invest the
seconds in the blend of the lyrics let's
defend you lock it down and then go and
dunk it in your head what we doing
telling you that i be winning double
using movements yes you don't know that
i'm gonna spark phrase mr funk group
gonna want the rhymes through the
archway khan gonna make contact with
pacquiao rhymes and the conrad's gonna
sign the contracts tonight at night no i
race around the contracts tonight and
night know i'm tracking kind every time
i'm in my mind and you gon want this
kind it's gonna be the illa guy yes i'm
gonna blow you up i crack your pillars
khan gonna spit it yes i'm gonna get
inside the line just some spit in you i
teach the lessons khan never had time
borrowed so you gonna live it happy yes
i never see no sorrow and i tell ya that
i let these freeze condent in your mind
kind with the density you gon see this
you know that i'm gonna do ya better yes
the rhymes gonna blow like a rooster in
your morning wake up who the [ __ ]
dude was yes you know i level up i'm
steady gonna be boosting who knew that
i'm gonna spit the heavy [ __ ] connie's
gonna make some memories inside
remembrance i know that i'm gonna steal
this [ __ ] i know i'm going through your
homes go inside your village is kind got
the confidence i dent your mind with the
five things that the concept now i know
i'm gonna do a flow then the bmi gonna
be at the funeral woah khan gonna show
you that he do phrase these lines every
day i blow up like it's butane with the
fire got the time to spit this gonna
spit it but don't know what that is
auspicious
spoilers
oh i should have done the hook for this
one
this is the
so yeah
i use that one and do a hook
at the open mic
i might need to run that back
we'll see what's good people 22 in the
room right now
and before anything
we must pay homage to him
shout out homage beats
shouts out reflector
in the room
shouts out dave in the room barack
bananas
mr front groove carrie perez who some a7
charlie
bye
bay
warrior a
c hey
he's great with the k ninja today
and cole you better know that i'm going
to quote the dole flow that you see
shouts out moogie or muji see
i'll be living the dream
cause it's stony in my vision i see
i mark it down in my memory shout out
mark homie
you know that i'm going to fly my
tactics right up in the rhyme i do it
yes i got dynamics yes you're going to
see me kill a beat it died yesterday you
know that i'm going to find time
investor second in my mind yes i'll be
the blessed lesson center yes i'm gonna
bless you with the message kind showing
you the tension gonna release every time
i mention doing freeze that you're gonna
be easy
he's gonna move up in the line hey how
we doing kind going to my delay in the
rhymes yes i'm gonna spit that kind spit
it till you're right through your
dispatch and this patch gonna be filled
yes i never left it empty with the
lyrics yes i'm always revving engines
attempt me i'll be driving by yes i'm
cruising in your mind can't never say
you farewell to a mic it fares well they
can't spit another great swell thought
in his mind yes i let it out and lend
you a hand every time i send you the
raps you gon want it kind yes he in
demand he been the man you're gonna see
me say this [ __ ] shouts to the dude
coming through if he jason smith i know
i'm gonna find the time to send love to
the neutral win the 499 it's the euros i
know that i'm stirring your foes kind
always got time for a con crew donor you
know that i'm gonna got to
conquer your dome and you gon conquer
that i'm dope
[Music]
calm bleeding through his heart now we
gonna pray that the fire never ending
and i'm gonna pray for the love that
they sending all about to me shouts out
to the people jason smith you know i'm
gonna be so grateful that you're tuning
into the words
i had to throw the thanks up in the room
i'm going to bank all of these schemes
of my memories and then spill your truth
in the line
ah
shouts out
to the people tuning in we got a
different type of beat
little baby type beat i wanted to switch
it up a little bit you know
let's see
see
you know that i'm just getting to
another level
hold up you know you get
all the lies
you know that i'm
showing you these
lyrical treats i
know
they don't go rap great kind gonna cure
all of your back pain
gonna knock you out it's k.o yes you're
gonna know the kind is gonna go inside
the flow you're gonna know i do beseech
all the people who don't seek all the
rhymes that i speak going around my peak
and tonight the volume code red with the
way i'm gonna flow red blood up in your
thoughts yes you got the dope head a
cottage kind of got the dopamine i know
i'm gonna be dope i mean i'm gonna
expose the dopest things i'm thinking
yes i mean
that i'm gonna put the ends to these
people who demean khan is gonna speak
improvising lyrics yes you know i got to
flee
from the paces that they gon be hating
on me i'm gonna go inside of my mind no
fragile the things i'm gonna be speakers
gonna be on time no true it freeze i'm
gonna tell you that i got to show your
angles in my head yes i shape it up it's
our tools with the way i'm connecting
all the areas of all the patterns and
you know i'm growing every day i'm
getting to your mind con telling you
it's cold bro it's more bro and charlie
bye gonna know i'm getting you the cold
flow every day yes i'll wrap you a flow
kind getting through your bloodline i be
dracula bro you know that a speech of
the honor every day i'm sending love out
to istanbul yes you gonna see it's in
the rules yes i'm gonna burn this shouts
out to the people and they'll be living
out in turkish
what we doing you know that i'm fine
time to be getting all the lips you know
that i'm gonna tell you that i'm fly
kind in a pocket yes i kinda gonna tell
you it ain't never gonna be stopping i
know that i'm gonna be hopping yes i'm
gonna take cheers with the way i'm gonna
be about to flow
yes i'm going to sink inside your mind
it's going to be pink the color lies up
in the lines i'm going to get up on your
necks i crack flamingos i don't know
what that means but i done got lines in
my mind kill it there got the bloodshot
eyes in their heads with the heart that
does spit up in the line got the
condition to be god who'll be killing
rhymes i know i'm going to call the
khanitis i'm going to fight the lyrics
yes i'm gonna be rhyme titan you're
gonna know that your mind gone
enlightened every day i'm striking
lyrics in your mind i'm gonna provide it
every day i got the heart of free higher
in my mind you know i'm getting in this
yes you're gonna feel it like some
broccoli way you smoke it way is healthy
in your modern systems gonna move you
different you know that i got to spill
this lyrics yes the rest created gonna
left them so exasperated yes you're
gonna see me had to master greatness
khan gonna show you that i got rewind
button on rewind yes i'm intertwined
with the lyrics they're so contagious
with the rhyme they aging like fine wine
cause the rhymes gonna be [ __ ] kind
he never got time to whine
[Music]
let's get it
mike on the mic still has me
yo
that was fun mike on the mic was fun
shout out to the people always tuning in
chillin with the
homie
and the freestyles
it's always my favorite time y'all know
that y'all know that this is
what i wanna do right now you know that
i'm gonna become it
the one who just be cartoon you know
then i choose it in the rhythm yes you
know i do it with no judgment
i know that i be fluttering by your mind
you'll know that i'm coloring the
butterflies
ah spreading my wings i paint a picture
with the hymns that i'm gonna sing the
thing is the kong gong ding you're what
you need yes i'm gonna notify you with
the nose there's fire in the things
they're them gonna sing dimmer never
there i'mma shine light just the kinds
rhyme got the shimmer oh hit you with
the shimmy after knocking down the jimmy
yes you're gonna say damn hit the j fade
away yes you're gonna see the banks
spend the english in your brain
switching every day you say what i say
now getting in the lane now spinning you
the moves of the world that the fly time
you know that i'm gonna be stirring you
you know that i'm stepping one two got
the euro
let me tell you that i getting ready in
your mind every day driving yes
connected then i'm reconnected to the
rhymes i'm going to be so dexterous with
the way i make your lines way yes it's
going to be left and right yes i got the
rap ambidextrous what we doing kind
gonna tell you that your memory fine
like an elephant i'm gonna be thinking
all my life and trying to find time to
have no regrets cause i be me right now
so i'm gonna thank the person that i was
back in time yes you need to get the
time to get inside your mind and then
[Music]
understand that you're gonna get it
inside your mind so generous with the
way i'm giving you the clever hits i do
it every night getting you so high steve
and ignore that i'm never gonna stop now
[Music]
please i'll grab these flows i need to
level that
telepathy let me tell you that i'm gonna
let it be in my mind settle these lines
you know that i got the clever freeze
you know that i'm gonna be lugging along
as i found out that i need to go plugged
out of the matrix yes the kind is free
no iconically move through lyrics yes
it's going to be chronologically i'm
going to logically slip on the crown in
the high i breathe going to feel so dope
on the finer beats i know that i'm gonna
find the feet and i'm gonna do y'all
won't better shine your wavy flow yes
i'm looking luna what we doing
[Music]
that beat is so [ __ ] fire
shout out chili made beets
chili maid beets
[Music]
it's no tonemoy d5 love your reactions
bro appreciate you homie
ko
says no way homie
or no way home
did we do this we started we started
with this beat i apologize
chilly no
chili maybe soda
one
see what we do yes i'm going to tell ya
that the guy is gonna go excel up to
another level yes you know i'm spitting
you trouble every though i'm gonna show
you that that spirit you define flows
khan had an idea that i had to flow for
the god will kaiser cause he coming
through with the 20 in the line yes i
feel super oh hold up you know that i
might be a guy that on strike freya
rhymes in your mind yes i'm likely to
find time to be spitting you the rhymes
that i know that i'm going to spit and i
build you yes i fix this and fixing you
the lyrics yes i'm going to build this
[ __ ] kind gonna spit it till you never
cheat but the style free but expensive
with the time that they spend on beats
you know that i'm gonna tell you that i
might be a guy who won't likely to
strike you almighty uh flows yes i'm
fixing yes i'm gonna decorate your souls
decorate your homes inside here i know
i'm etching all the lines right up in
the vibe every day you find a time yes
i'm gonna got all the knowledge yes i
find time to spit your lyrics every day
i got untimed i [ __ ] what we doing gots
to go i'm gonna hop over that wall
obstacle it's gonna be to put a beat up
in the hospital and you know that i'm
charitable with the things i do so imma
do it really crazy it'd be viral
sickness getting in your mind a pandemic
gonna witness that the kind that make
took over is gonna be endemic as i'm
gonna live on my legacy kind gonna show
you that i'm gonna tell you all the
lyrics in my mind i'm desperate for the
flavor i'ma flow up on the razor sharp
rhymes that i'm gonna say with art
intertwining lyrics that i find i know
that imma just get it so greater inside
your minecon gonna say he had
desperation to be the number one guy off
the top on the mic off the pen on the
mic do not give a [ __ ] what your
classification is gonna be imma get it
from the beat and then kill it so
masterfully you're gonna see me go
through my arteries with the art that i
ride in your mind bout to ride bout the
bread you know that i'm gonna stack all
the time that i spent now you're gonna
see your smile look chat to ride yes
you're gonna be cheesing
[Music]
spiral i'm gonna tell you that i'm a
bundle damn you know that i'm on a drum
roll you know that i'm gonna split it
every day
shout out to the people who be tuning in
to me reflect the carrie perez yes you
know i'm going to free yes i got the
lyrical mentality it's wireless with the
way i connect to firefreeze i'm going to
tell you that i'm going to spill this
lyrics they be looking fresh got the
distilled mint you know that i'm gonna
get it clean and it's elemental let me
tell you that i spit it hand your l's
and mentos i know i'm gonna do it got my
mentos of the lyrics in my mind you know
i got demented in the way i'm gonna
condiment it all the spicy flavor in
your mind i got the message for you you
know that i speak the raps it's gonna be
reattached to the mail that i just sent
last week like get ahead of the game
homie it's a luxury to be thinking this
fresh homie i know so i free up in the
rhythm and you're gonna see me spit all
the rap [ __ ] kind gonna do it never
gonna be distracted i'm gonna get all
the lyrics and it's ample with the way
that the twist the lines up scrambled
with the way that i'm cracking your eggs
i had to defend all of the raps that i
sand inside your mind khan gonna show
you that he had to extend all the raps
that gone banned up in his mind and the
circumstances
gonna be the way you're gonna feel me
every time i'm spitting you the raps
will flow
gonna get it so exposed just stay so
embarrassed like a camel toe whoa you
know that i'm gonna spit you this huh
never do it ambiguous imma tell you
clearly what you're gonna need can't
enquires another heat flow yes they see
me aren't they dome as they clicking on
i know i got the facial flows yes you're
going to see me never artificial
intelligent with flows in your tellies
and you're going to know i'm going to do
it yes i'm ready kind flowing yes you
know the flow keep it steady yes i'm
winning chips every day with oceans get
inside your mind fencing poking yes i
got the poker faces i never show you who
i be every time i say all the lyrics
just you gonna hear the lyrics flowing
khan got the chronicles of khan and i
know i'm gonna find time to be rapping
got the raps if they gonna be drabbing
what's grabbing imma take action and
then get the definition it be high how
you see me so clearly khan gonna tell
your daddy gonna send your lyrics right
up in the way that you're feeling when
you see me i'm gonna show you that i've
done one first every day yes the heat be
the sun burst the freeze the dust spit
and you know i spit the fly kind on your
hard drive got the gigabytes got the
terabytes tearing your mind with all the
bites all the lines that i'm spitting
tonight you gon want this as i feast on
a rhyme yes i'm west to east what's the
way i'm swaying all your minds kind
going global with the vocals and i know
that in order to be getting ordinances
of my flow you coordinate your eyes to
be tuned into the dude who'll be flowing
really different right up in your
[ __ ] room see me free khan gonna tell
you i'm spitting you deliveries that you
wish you wanna find right up in the line
found out how to go pro con so profound
with the lyrics and the quotes bro whoa
you know that i'm gonna say these there
is gonna be cold yes i got the brain
freeze i'm gonna storm yes i hate you to
the flow you wanna take a breath and
inhale the theories that i said inside
your mind you know that you so
entertained up on the line kinda gonna
spit it never gonna be stumbling you
know i'm gonna spit the soft solutions
any then whoa
you know that i'm going to found
greatness
[Music]
in the round foundation
[Music]
found greatness in the wrong foundation
[Music]
yes i got to try to spit you what you
want get the rhymes optimized up in your
obstacles
on your eyes to turn into the way you
want to improvise the lines right up in
your mind
all right all right all right
all right
[Music]
[Applause]
how are we feeling you too
what we what we what we doing you know
that i'm
gonna show you that the fly greatness
connie shakes up in your phone you feel
the vibrations with the notifications
you know that the nose gonna be hating
when i'm saying
what you're gonna need i
know i'm gonna show you all the things i
do
gonna build the flow with looking so
industrial
i just left them in the dust with the
way i tried the flows in my mind and you
know i must define that you knew the
kind is new to all the rounds that he be
doing cause it's every moment that he
spewing things you gon be knowing
lessons that i'm teaching gonna be
blessings that i'm preaching and
investing all the seasons that i'm
spending with the freeze it's gonna be
dope whoa you know that i'm getting in
mind every day your single [ __ ] can't
resemble the greats i
know i'm gonna show you
that i do not hesitate no i'm gonna
teddy meditate uh telling you these
lyrical steve's gonna be free every day
getting them these lyrical things that
i'm gonna have to say right up inside
your mind i'm gonna get my route great
every day i'm gonna do it yes the
voucher safe
i don't know what that is but i'm gonna
show you the dime i spit oh the lyrical
flows yes you say cheers i'll be on bar
crawls everyday i'm gonna be walking on
your mind and you don't want it yet you
know that kind of gonna be steady on the
[ __ ] mic i know i'm gonna be inside
your mind just adhere to the rules
going to tell you that he gonna add all
lyrics here and i know that you're gonna
want another one yes i got all the
lyrics i'm gonna be spitting you the
polyrhythms gonna be just getting in it
let me slow it down
let me tell you got the operation of the
sound i'm going to rebuke the lyrics yes
i had to do it quicker but you know i
purify the way i'm going to be thinking
quicker hold up what we doing yes i get
free
in my mind i'm going to show you yes i
intrigued
you two people yes i got the piece i got
the treaties yes i'm c-sweet with the
way i'm taking over all the games that
your cg cds gonna be playing me with the
freesty he be giving people he be the
gbs he be knocking down the j's yes it's
jimmy buckets give you buckets saying
[ __ ] it yes he won inside the room i
know that i'm handing you the l's i know
that i'm telling you my mind is going to
swell ah no one going to spit you the
surprise kind killer beat yeah stay much
to it surmise think i use that right but
you just need to be just letting me know
god is showing you he's going to be
going in flow
and you're gonna find him yes i'm
quaking lava heated you with those you
know i'm gonna produce the islands with
the way you living free up in the
paradise of freeze you know it's paradox
how he be spitting you the impossible
freeze yes i spit the obstacles i'm
going to gods to go inside the line when
beat is beating up yes i got to see
the people tuning in to me
the trap beats get me man the trap beats
get me
still gotta work on those
but you know
we back to the boom boom bap and the
true dudes pat you a rude rude fact what
they do
khan always got the syllables and
cadences it's silly with the way i'm
billing all the lyrics yes it's to the
time
that i spent you know i'm illa with the
rhyme and the targets in your lungs when
you smoke khan
yes you know i'm grocery finding all the
flows i free and it's gonna be fresh raw
every day i'm gonna bless y'all lyrics
and it's so inconceivable there's kind
of deceive you though
see i'm gonna deceive you though yes i
do it's so inconceivable cause the guy
gonna say all of the seasons in his mind
just the reason is to be the meanest on
a mic khan gonna kill a mic shout out
kill
yes you know i'm gonna steal a mic of
the letters yes you've been the guy to
be tuned into the way i'm gonna spill
the rhyme you know that i'm gonna hurt
it in yes i'm gonna get that action yes
i do it predetermined it's the letters
and the phrases in a row i just
predetermine it quicker when i'm
spitting in the rhythms and the flow see
i'm gonna do a kind get into your
nations combines the lines together and
i say this with a lot of confidence that
i'm gonna be greatest cause i got the
rhyme flow bar combination i'm gonna
tell you that i'm confiscating all your
minds yes i shine like stars
constellations khan still waiting on the
rhyme you know i'm gonna tell you yes
i'm willing it inside the [ __ ] vibe
every day hey you know that i'm gonna
act all kind gonna show you daddy living
pathos and his ethos is gonna be the
mean dope spit to other fries it's in
his mind just in this dome oh no what we
doing yes i do pronounce khan to be the
pro with nouns and the vowels now i
don't found out how just to be stepping
on the route of the rhythm with the tide
of the letters and i find all the better
states of mind and the message that
define and the sentence intertwined in
the books i'm going to write on the mic
you're going to want khan cause the
light inside the storms inside his mind
is gonna strike i know you're gonna hear
him see him and believe him gonna be the
[ __ ] meanest guy so demeaning to the
mic i got my reason and it's feeling
really right cause the people gonna say
she
she's gonna be a [ __ ] beast he's
gonna tell you that i eat beets ah do a
flow so peculiar you're gonna know that
i say hey got them flipping great and i
know that the spit to the things that
you made tune in hypnotic happy birthday
who is dude yes i had to birth praise
for dude today is a happy day cause it's
gonna be hypnotic yes it's gonna be his
birthday i say what up to the god
reflect you're the lyrics that be tuning
in my mind you know that i'm spitting
you the founding force i know that i'm
gonna downward course on the rhines that
i'm gonna got to deploy in the line
they'd be working for me got them
employed uh
how we feeling
in the room
let me tell ya
hold up
i don't know why
sorry
sorry to anyone who was feeling that
but
i didn't want the easiest vibes
hold up hold up hold up hold up yes i
got one flow parked in your lots in your
garage ah no one going to bend the door
spitter yes i'm getting in the most with
the way i'm spending you the time yes
i'm going to tell you that
yes i'm acting fine on the broadway yes
i'm going to see abroad on the way say
hey how you doing today i'm going to
ride yes i'm going to switch it up yes
i'm on my drive yes i'm going to be
bouncing yes the fly gonna find guys on
the rhyme yes i'm going to be inside my
low rider you're going to find me
spitting you all of the diamonds cooking
you're the carbine i know the car been
bouncing with the way i'm cooking you
the bars it's kind of out in boston i'm
finding tons of boss rhymes every
[ __ ] night spit less say less kind
going to do it yes he never left that
you at distress let me tell you that i'm
going to spit the mean of things every
day i'm going to do it so mysteriously
you're gone see time's been a [ __ ]
flowy wizard yes you got the magic yes i
lick a flow like lizard whoa what are we
doing yes i gots to tell your kind gonna
be the rhyme apostle i just gots to show
you that i spit the true stuff khan
don't be classic like it's chicken
noodle soup and i do what you want oops
yes i slipped in the flute without drops
right up on the ground need a wet floor
sign cause they do get more rhymes on
your mind i'm gonna cling to the way
that they sing now it's gonna be ding
con live you know that i'm steady
nourishing in my mind just the kind it's
gonna be flourishing earning things that
i'm gonna sing with the burning rings
that i'm gonna be winning every day i'm
gonna fault line in your mind quaker yes
i got the vault other rhymes banked in
the [ __ ] schemes that they're saying
that anchored to these type of freeze
that does speak now god gonna say that
he gonna be leading you with a space
mask cause he take you out of space with
the way i say raps bumping ya i'm
summoning the way you jumping now time
gonna show you that i got this bumping
all the wet flows got the hydraulics
what we doing you know that it's so
appalling how we spit the flow yes they
so enthralled in the room won't know
yours is so enthralling now getting one
more flow so trap your lust in your mind
and not got the tremors bustling inside
your mind won't be tussling with all
these rhymes and then just uncover him
in the rhymes every day i stack this
kind sending you the package on time i'm
slapping inside the rhyme man by the end
of rhymes they gonna be clapping to kind
time gonna show you that i got this i be
dripping wet with the flow the garments
don't be looking fresh yes i'm gonna
tell ya that i'm walking on the stage
yes you're gonna feel bruh whoa you know
that i flow greater kind be the flow
rhyme oh raider oh congo narrate all the
olds in his mind and then the rage is
gonna go in your mind grow you the best
type of flow did i start to know imma
tell you that i'm fine yes i flood the
flows right up in your mind butter with
the flow melted every day when i be bout
to bread up with my flo con gonna tell
you that i got the vicious rhymes inside
of my mind i be optimistic the kind is
gonna got the mystical rhymes i spit the
mist that sticks right inside your
[ __ ] minds ah
[Music]
impeccable with the ready flower pekka
flow
flying high with the spiky lyrics out
the mouth sharp with the way i got the
art yes i string your theories like a
hard part bond
the way that i'm
spitting the flow i got time
[Music]
let me tell you that i'm gonna show you
that i'm feeling really fine now
impeccable with schemes yes and pekka
with the rhymes now all right you know
that the words gonna be lincoln khan
gonna shine on this drive he be blinking
see it really clearly yes i'm on my road
kind don't need no compass i'm on my own
road i'm on the contest ah now i'm going
to spit your obstacles with the lines
that are possessed and the process you
just witness every day with the god
bless you'll be putting in the work topo
rhyme said on the line every day yes i
had to hate all the people thinking they
could evaporate the rhyme faster than
the great kindness king kind i spit ill
lyrics just the wings gonna be misfilled
i'm gonna do it yes you don't dismiss
ill flows that he be spitting he'd be
villainous with way he killing this i
sit inside the rhythm blissful things
you listen to is getting in your vision
ah no one gonna do this [ __ ] got the
unity of those shoot you with ammunition
of all the loaf whoa yes i'm gonna find
peace like a doe all right it's love and
love but the flow lovey-dovey i guess
i'm gonna find time to get in your heads
and i know i'm waiting in the [ __ ]
lines and i tell you that i do frailer
lyrics and i'm going to be the smooth
sailor i'm never going to fail though my
elves beat the lessons that i'm learning
in the room whoa kind gonna flow greater
kind going to be the great rhyme all
raider whoa i'm gonna be a prodigy i'm
gonna elbow you i'm the progeny what's
up progeny i'm gonna be pro it's in my
genes whoa yes i'm gonna get inside your
mind i'm gonna be cupping all the lyrics
yes i'm squeezing air out your body hold
up what we doing kind of going to tell
you that i'm going to flow yes i'm going
to be dying no kind of a dwarf whoa you
know they don't gonna find the boats
rocking in the oceans you're gonna know
i speak the most flows in your mind and
i take the free force of the free flows
that i'm going to force in the lines
kind gonna rap swag every day you're
gonna tweet about them got the hashtag
iconic
earning time i'm turning on a mic now
yearning for a rhyme to be burning you
the lines every day
oh my god he hype can get the rhyme
prototype be a pro with the way i'm
gonna type to duels every night i'm
twisting all the letters making you the
pleasure out the chest with all the
treasure got the keys open doors of the
gold in my mind of mine oh yes i'm major
with the bar chords i tell you that i'm
spitting you the fine time songs in your
mind that you might find kind in your
eyes when you want high vibes in the
lines i tell you that i'm feeling
intertwined to provide the pro state of
mind the flow state of mind interstates
of drives inside the lines uh
what we doing just a stack words write
together hit rewind hit the backward
button yes your mind gonna flip
backwards snap that on your snapchat
just to snap back twist it flows off the
top turning of the vinyl classic tight
flows whoa
[Music]
i was feeling that beat although i feel
like we need to turn up a little bit
i feel like we need to turn up a little
bit
[Applause]
[Music]
premier kanye
i like this one
mr k jr
[Applause]
[Music]
all right you know that i'm gonna be in
the con tribe
[Music]
harder than the kind
i know that i'll get you high with the
rhyme i'm in my flow state in the avatar
mind ah no one gonna be feeling
elemental every day i'm gonna be killing
instrumentals i tell you that i'm gonna
roll
kind gonna tell you that he never soft
connected with the earthly flows yes i
be like tough whoa kang hotel you're
dead i get the stories every day i'm
rhyming you the flow trajectories i'm
gonna interject with all the flows and
you know i'm gonna be jetting through
the flows i know that i'm gonna get it
slicing in your mind like katana i'ma
find time to bend the water flows call
me katara on the line yes you know i got
the author it be in your mind whoa i
know that i'm going to do this hang out
with the breath every day it's hang with
the way i'm going to possess the lyrics
in your brain twisting you're the lyrics
that be flowing through your lane whoa
khan gonna take control khan is gonna
unite the whole globe imma show you that
i spit your mighty with the flow
striking in the line that i be getting
in your dome whoa you know that i'm
gonna got the stories kind gonna spit
the flow about promontory now but i
don't know what that means so i'm gonna
be a pro with the way i'm out flows got
the oars they be gold in my mind digging
on the kind every day break out the
confines and the caves but i got the
higher this [ __ ] every day you know i'm
drawing through the hieroglyphics and
caved in the lines just encoded in kind
yes i'm gonna flow through the oceans
and wires yes you gon know they're not
spitting you the lions and you know i'm
gonna be king kind i'm a lion hear me
roar
[Music]
you know that we gonna be feeling really
dope now
[Music]
action he be tackling the line i know
that i'm talking yes i'm pinning you the
lyrics i'm pinning in the spirit yes
it's infinite with limits that i'm
blending in your mind i'm going to get
inside the sentence and the letters
bouncing baby threaded in the lines you
know i'm going to get it and reverse
these lines in your mind no controversy
kind don't traverse the freeze every day
i'm gonna cause all these controversies
oh no you know they're spitting you the
flow now kind converse with the flow now
ah say hi how you doing brain yes you
know i'm doing so great cause i spit
into the people that can tune in it's 24
who gonna witness the business the dude
he spit this and they gonna see
that the dude is getting in his energy
i be so natural in the rpm you know that
i'm gonna spit the art for
them khan gonna show you that i thunk it
now i'm gonna blow you the lyrics like a
trumpet whoa i'm gonna tell you that i
serve your great flows kinda rhyme
conservator i'm gonna do it yes i'm
gonna be getting it inside your mind
i'ma show you that i'm so diabolical
no i'm gonna spit it yes i call on the
lyrics yes i'm in the biology i've just
got the free i know if i'm gonna spit
this lift your mind i spit the truth
never missed kid i know i'm gonna be
admitting that y'all got the flow math
got the arithmetic whoa yes the rhythms
got the metrics every day i see it yes i
got all these statistics khan is going
to spit it yes i'm balling so ballistic
every day i got the lyrics got i love
linguistics i know that i'm getting on
the court and i lay down the law as i'm
getting to the hole whoa yes i'm gonna
be dunking on your dome every day i'm
spitting you the lyrical the truth who
know that i'm spitting you the swag kind
gonna spit it dip into my bag nah stay
high to the god cause i'm gonna divide
the lines and then give it to your whole
oh you know that i steer these lyrics
yes i'm driving you these [ __ ]
theories stringing you the lyrics yes
the riddle gonna rhyme right up in the
line yes i'm fiddling through lines that
they gonna build from me poof goes your
roof kid you know that i'm gonna do this
true [ __ ] no truant
on time with the rhyme confines every
night i did that khan gonna tell you
that i cure your mistress i know that
i'm gonna get the blind wet flows you
know that don't go in the hot fountains
dripping yes the flow's gonna be
fountains it's a rap today kinda so
immaculate imma show you that the
gratitude i had to send to the people
who be tuning to me rap the [ __ ] in my
mind i'm never camouflaged had to get
exposed oh no yes i spit a free can't
kill your soul never feeling misery i'ma
tell you did i do this culture congo
increase yes he grow in forests a rhyme
nova is never gonna be fortressed i'll
be putting in the time yes i do it best
i tell you that i'm gonna blast this
[ __ ] that people can't succeed cause
they not passionate i'm gonna tell you
where's the beat
oh my goodness it's an hour into the
stream
and the people are tuning in it's 21
in the room
let's take a quick breath
and move on you know
[Music]
how we feeling
you know that i'm giving you the feeling
that you needing who this
who'll be breathing on the mind you know
that i'm getting so high yes i'm hitting
dro every day i'm gonna try to tell you
that i'm wet with the thoughts in my
mind call it hydrogen number one on a
rhyme i'm
gonna flow gin yes i'm toxic with the
way you're spitting through the dope
[ __ ] oh hold up yes i'm rare fly kind
gon be getting in your [ __ ] airlines
i know you take a breath a con now i
left you breathless every time i spit
the rhyme oh my god it's restless every
day i rest this rhyme yes you're gonna
see me take over a rest a mic whoa
you know the khan sending love out to
nico tonight i know that them gonna
reflect the line reflect on khan states
of mind every night i try to show you
that the spit in you the free khan is
literally poseidon with all the flows
that be taken over g i'm gonna throw
your poses i'm a dawn kind gonna spit
the wet flow fire now i'm gonna tell you
that i'm gonna do this kinda gonna fly
inside of the mind oh my god you know
that i spit the true [ __ ] every day i'm
gonna be getting in your [ __ ] mind
hold up you know that i be on dust every
day i'm gonna do it never nine plus
always got plus always got time to add
the lyrics yes i advertise the hits when
i be rapping rhymes i'm gonna sink
inside the synchronized lyrics that the
khan linking in the letters lied right
up in the mine never had time to lie let
me show you that i had to comply with
the wacon is gonna pry open minds with
the way i prioritize the lines i try to
just find orders for in the notes i
throw yes i know i give you overdose of
this [ __ ] dope whoa you know did i
flow the gritty can't do it big
you know that i'm going to get the ash
on the line yes i'm going to spit the
rhymes so on the best i'm going to do
hot flows for who's i'm bro it's a seven
times just it's in a row row roll
through the rivers in my brain connie's
gonna tell you that i'm spitting you the
same flows get raps in your mind yes i'm
getting twisted yes i'm going round your
mind i get a headband getting you so
sweaty with the lyrics that i'm going to
tell man yes you're gonna be bopping now
you're gonna exhale man i know i'm gonna
spit a god free i know i feel it in my
[ __ ] heartbeat i let the art bleed
through my mind you know that i'm gonna
god breathe in the lines everyday i'm
going to have to spit these these words
is crazy homie like allocreddy and
anachronistic i'm going to have to be
the spitting vicious yes i'm going to
sip the crown and the [ __ ] liquid
what we doing you know that i got the
twisted lyrics just accomplished it
inside the lyrics wished it and i'm
gonna squish it yes you're gonna say
khan got the intuition he gonna be the
great i know that i'm gonna never have
time to denigrate no one i'll be deadly
with the lyrics and i do deliberate if i
should tell them what delhi means in
turkish it means crazy homie maintain
these
lyrics that i'm going to spit i might do
a stool cook it up wet yes it's heated
yes i got the flavor and you gon know so
eclectic with the way i'm gonna express
flows that i'm cooking you know that
you're never construed con for anyone
who don't got truth
see you know that i let it go inside
your mind your feelings eclectic i yes i
test the lectures i be demented
[Music]
know who i am every time i rhyme the
gritty flows whoa you know that i'm
gonna get the truth in your mind juicy
kinda like the dragon fruit i'll be
spitting you the fire yes i'm spitting
you the lines they're gonna be sticking
in your mind yes they glow cracking
you're the light yes i'm taking action
every day i find you the truth that i
had to bludgeon flow whoa hold up you
know that i got the flows that i
conquered with they unconquerable khan
gonna curve you with the flows they be
saying k how we ride on the beat what
the [ __ ] he say i'm gonna show you it's
unconscious there's no flowing oceans
yes you hear it in the conscience of the
way i'm spitting you the lyrics break
out shells and i know i'm winning races
yes the turtle gonna excel whoa khan
gonna show you daddy blessed time never
say you know the rhymes saying yes god i
just need a rhythm in my mind it's
glistening it's shining yes they
listening to chronic and i wish they go
maintain but you know we got the energy
to be given in the times and things we
don't be living through and you're gonna
know it every day i shine like pearl
round on your mind and you know i'm
clammed in my mind so i need to break
out i'm gonna be laughing the guys cause
i'm running faster than anyone out the
skies with the rhymes and i tell ya that
i steady sinking your mind i promise i'm
not stopping and it's pinky oh hold up
yes i get this kind of lyric yes he be a
menace nah men gonna see me ace all of
the rhymes between the lines
testified with the testaments that the
conspirators are the continents yes i do
it global to the continents i know that
you see me as i be professor with the
lyrics way i'm teaching yes i'm going
professor that i'd like to do this yes
i've reached inside your mentals and you
gonna know i'll reach it yes it's
sounding central
no one gonna do sound checks at venues
and to burn the stage down yes you gonna
expect dude to be killing the game i'm
gonna do a verse kind flowing so
throughout the universe i know that i'm
gonna maintain great the flow's bumping
in your mind got the 808 you gon know
that i'm going fine time to just lie
rhymes right up in your mind yes you're
so surprised with the way the guy got
the prize it's a logical yes it's so
improvised i know that i'm gonna see the
great freeze khan is gonna be spitting
you bt the jd i know that i'm gonna
shook your hand i'm gonna tell you that
i'm gonna do it on demand i tell you
that i tether you the lyrical the
weather that you gonna want when you're
looking on your weather epcon do it hot
conduit cold yes i got the clever raps i
know i'm gonna tell you i gotta show you
that it's upper 90 when i'm playing
soccer i know that i'm gonna be good yo
cause i'm playing tiki taka playing
football i'll be dishing you assist you
know i got ghosts can't do it like it's
cristiano ronaldo whoa you know that i
had to go unite the flows you know i got
the goals i'm going to skullcon gonna do
it don't test me lia l on your mind yes
you call me messy what we doing
[Music]
uh
how are we doing yes i have flows
constant love about
you know that i got the rare fun mission
every day i'm going to speed you the air
condition flow's in the rarest condition
you
dead with the way i'm shocking in your
head every day the zombies gonna get
they biting on your head whoa what we
doing spreading viral with the way i'm
ending yes apocalypse with rhymes dude
gonna be just kidding you know that i'm
gonna have to put the mileage on your
smiles every day i gotta tell you what
we doing and i know i go to sleep cause
i know i gonna be
so i need to be leading inside my room i
got time to be close in my eyes you know
i'm going to rap sounds kinda never
gonna back up [ __ ] back down ah no
i'm gonna spit the continents yes it's
global did they already out to
continents let go know that the spit it
do the what you want calm bouncing in
your hands like a rubber glove hot
potato with the way i'm gonna got the
flavor in your mind you're gonna see me
yes i got the major bars in the chords
that i'm going to spit yes a fine gold
there's a minor in my mind and you gonna
know what's intertwined with the lyrics
and the things i'm going to get in lines
i say that i'm going to speed it kind
gonna be so metallic with it cause
you're gonna see me meddle with the flow
kind of raps you a gift [ __ ] type of
flow you know that i'm gonna spit it yes
i'm gonna get cold listening to classics
like for whom the bell tolls oh you know
that i'm gonna have to free up flow and
send love out to metallica i'm gonna
picture all the liquor kind gonna meddle
with the way you're getting vibes and
you're gonna know that i got cold lyrics
yes it's boston now it's a [ __ ]
stockholm yes you know i'm going to give
you all the syndromes in the way i'm
bumping yes it's booming in your systems
khan gonna tell your daddy freeze great
i got the flavor round guess i'm gonna
be cheesecake what we doing you know
that i'm serving you cooking you the
lyrics yes i'm going to earn it in your
blood yes your thoughts going to be like
damn kind how you do that right there
but i'm always on to the next line wow
yes i'm going to spill the illegal flows
in your mind do it with civility you
know yes the civilians is gonna be
litchy cause i got the millions of the
[ __ ] gritty flows and they ain't [ __ ]
they don't got the ancient old school
the flow that you had to get inside your
mind and your brain sits yes you're
thinking to the future with the lyrics
that i do you every day i'm putting the
dual words whoa congruent i got hot
flows and i know that that found pocket
just a rock now i'm gonna pop lock you
down with way i'm gonna pop yes the shot
knocks down every time kind clutch with
the way i clutch up on a mic tell y'all
that i'm gonna bell fry the minds just
the notes that be far gonna fry your
mind as youtube gonna notify that the
con live i say that you're gonna see me
get words khan gonna do it they be
saying yes sir whoa yes you know i
steady blend words every day on seat
you're going to need to reserve oh [ __ ]
on the line got a reserve reserve is how
i sounded in my head
[Music]
that the nose short like pinocchio
because i'm never lying
[Applause]
how we doing people
see you know that imma tell you who i be
swinging through the limits you know
that i got to d
detain all the people who gonna think
they gonna say all the world
it's better than the duel yes i'm going
to birth hard flows every day you'll
preach it's in your mind just believe it
yes you got the faith looking like a
church yard with the way i'm going this
[ __ ] all the rest kind gonna lock it
down got the night encampment got the
day enchantment and i'm gonna be camping
yes i'm killing you as you spawn all
your thoughts kid whoa you know that i'm
gonna have to mention that i'm going
through your time through the fourth
dimension cause i'm ending all your
seconds with the way i'm sending you the
sentence that gonna be getting you the
message like damn that fire you know
they don't gonna tell your other lyrics
that lie up on your mind now i'm gonna
show you you alive with the lyrics that
the lie right up in your [ __ ] minds
now khan gonna show you daddy funnel the
lyrics they be filtered yes i'm sifted
in the tunnel then i'm gonna be driving
in the states of my mind yes i'm going
through my veins never in vain what's
the time that defending on the game
never pending yes i'm lending to the
lyrics that you're gonna want every day
i'm on time with the con rhymes kind
break out of the confines as he finds
hotter [ __ ] rhymes i know that i'm
gonna see the fight in my mind gonna
shine like the gleamer light in his eyes
as he spitting you the lyrics and who is
dude who gonna spit the codes yes you're
looping yes i got fours out to sixteen
and sixty fours imma mix the flows
inside your mind then kind gonna show
you daddy spit this get it in your mind
yes you're feeling twisted i see i'm
gonna fly like a leaf as i'm gonna throw
the trees this is trees that's with
beliefs that they gonna have when the
kind speaker free i'll articulate the
way you're gonna need to be feeling as
i'm looming in your mind and i'm
glooming in the lyric and some lumens in
the light that done spitting then you
know i'm gonna prove it every night yes
the proof is in the pudding and i'm
putting in the timer what we doing you
know that i'm going to spit it can't do
it yes the rhymes gonna be the
traditions that the guy gonna try right
up through the addiction yes addicted to
the way i'm going to spit you all this
vicious whoa i'm gonna tell y'all that
i'm gonna feel this kind going to of the
people on the fields kid and i'm going
to be scoring yes i'm spitting just a
rasty gritty con do it yes you know i'm
practicality
see practicalities other flows when you
rapping all the raps i be doing in the
flow and bouncing on the hi hats and i
got time to just put your other flower
ass kind of tap your that i'm going to
spell you all the l's i'm going to be
handing on your mind going to spell
all the lyrics they be losing you know
that i got the letters they be
looser in your mind as i be tightening
your mind i'm going to jiggle in your
mind i'm going to wiggle in your mind
i'm going to be riddling your mind i'm
going to be fiddling your mind i'm going
to be stringing the lines you're going
to get it yes you're going to be binging
on the guy because he hinging on the
rhyme every day i'll be hinging at the
vibes and i say all the verbs verbally
turn a b to the page next then you're
gonna hurt me cause i'm gonna connect
the flow cons next with the weight that
deposits all the lyrics hold up yes it's
eric just the sun it's just a sun with
nick and owen reflect though
[Music]
you know i'm so abundant with the flow
i'm gonna be next up yes i'll be
incumbent as i'm fitting through the
compass sim type healing cause you're
gonna want another one i'm gonna keep a
hundred floors i'm gonna give you all
the truth that you'll be wanting it's so
crazy how the dude is gonna be the other
guy who'll be giving you delivers yes
i'm gonna smother you my mind every day
i'm going to mother father you will
rhyme
[Music]
[Music]
your stuff is so intricate lately i'm
into the way that i cater you the freeze
i try different orders yes i try the
recipes
reading you the letters that gonna bleed
in my mind i
breathe healthy with the freeze sheesh
they be saying kerry gonna be scary with
the way i see all the lyrics yes i'd be
a villain hey he gonna be acs he cold
with the rhythm oh no what we doing
had to show you that i had to curve the
people who don't think i'm a massacre
amassing all the lyrics yes i had to
swerve the people who gone had time
[Music]
to speak some other [ __ ] ah no one
spitting yes you're gonna see [ __ ] no
saying that i love food up shout out to
the dude you know i'm feeling really
dope cause i got the time to give you
what did you want it in the line you
know i'm gonna be wrapping it for you
yes you know they tuning yes they so
happy for ya and i know that the kind
gonna be a creature yes i'm rocking on
your road yes i'll be a concrete yeah
goddamn you know that i'm gonna go and
like to tell you that i'm sending love
inside the mic to michael i know that
i'm gonna stone these lyrics yes i see
it rocking in your mind got the stony
vision i be getting in your mind i troll
your line with the rhyme god mind
control i know that i'm spitting you
that had to swell yes i need to send
love out to do danielle daniel i'm going
to had ill flows for you you know that
i'm going older
growing older and i'm growing bolder
with the lines i'm going to be thinking
and i'm growing bolder kind is going to
show you daddy bump twist words in your
mind everyday i do it like a tongue
twister and i must spit the tungsten
metal with the verse and i know i'm
getting in your lungs kid let it be
dispersed in the way that you're feeling
yes you're bumping in your soul i serve
all the lyrics yes it's something
different with the verse that i'm
sifting yes i'm lifting yes it's cursed
with the way i'm cursively just written
you the first whoa connect the flow
connects with the way you're gonna bump
your heads every day i'm gonna tell you
the convex with the way is light shine
but you know they don't see it need some
convex uh
you all know exactly okay okay okay okay
okay you know that i got flows mods
peppers
[Music]
[Music]
you're gonna be the binger harbinger of
the flow that the khan bring y'all what
we doing you know dead i'm gonna got
these lyrics wake up your energized
you're gonna got key who's spitting you
the liquid yes he got the coffee
i'm raining yes he gonna see rainbows
whoa yes you know i rain bro cause it's
king khan every day i flow gold kind got
the colors intertwined in your prisms
and you know i'm gonna shine your lies
every day you're gonna see me and i
flirt with fly flows every day yes i'm
drunk on it like dirty sprite bro kind
gonna get up on it i'ma tell you singing
you the flows it's so melodic i'ma tell
you that i'm getting in the lyrics have
it every day you misbehave with way he
gonna rap it kind gonna tell you that
i'm never feeling flat sharp on the
rhyme everyday you gonna had art on your
mind on the canvas that i paint you yes
you'll know that i'm gonna do it had to
[ __ ] aim with the way my head changed
all the lyrics in my mind and you know
i'm gonna sunrise every day i try to be
spitting you the moonshine 24 hours
every day is a mascara all the power in
my brain now i'm gonna tell you that i
get range other lyrics yes the rhymes in
the head change every day i'm gonna
speed it and i get pockets in the lines
yes i'm gonna ride yes i'm stalking yes
i'm
and you know i'm dynamic with the flows
i die on the canvases i'm gonna be
painting all your rhymes
[Music]
gotta move on to the next beat
y'all know
[Music]
you know how we feel then
it's zero stress tech i be feeling zero
stress when i text to the line
interject khan does every day cause
they've been into subjects they gonna
want in their ear cause they subjects
bumping every day i bump this flow and i
know that it's something different bro
hold up you know that i'm gonna
intoxicate the people in the club cause
i'm gonna be knocking yes i'll rock it
in a pocket and i kind of gonna tell
your daddy never stop and got you what
you want i
in the beat you gonna see me yes i've
never been defeated no the features of
the way i'm gonna take my feet and step
at one two and your mind is gonna look
so sweet cause khan gonna tell you that
he say flows well i know that that scent
love is a for el whoa
gonna do stances and freeze every day
i'm gonna spike lance with the freeze
i'm gonna show you on freelance with the
freeze are you kind to just master the
freeze already did homies i'm paying him
the time that he gonna be needing to be
saying you the rhymes playing with the
rhymes you know that i'm gonna do it yes
you'd be so misbehaved when you spit
around i know that i'm gonna got the
edits live on the floor yes it flows
through biometrics khan gonna look at my
bios metrics and he seeing that he
living really fine got the analytics
looking really crazy and i wrap your
vicious kind gonna have trajectories of
raps i'm spitting yes i'm graphing you
the paragraphs it's never written yes
i'm flying on the part yes i graph it in
it crazy how it's holding runs every day
i'm gonna be flying right up in your
mind every day you intertwine with the
lines i'm gonna try to be spitting
likewise i'll be feeling all the love
that comes through in the line khan
gonna show you that he keep hitting in
your mind yes you know i'm gonna deep
bitten inside the room and i know that i
keep spitting sorry homie shoulda hit it
like deep bits you know i say the lyrics
yes i got the deep bits the bits that
you want to make you feel so deep with
this [ __ ] you know the [ __ ] the one who
knows that'd be in your videos that
you're going to keep in your heads and
you're going to press the rewind button
and it gets in your mind and i'm
strutting you're the best to fly the
flow that you gon get inside my soul i'm
gonna take a breath i know you're gonna
want a kid every day i'm gonna be
getting low with the flow like a squid
whoa kind gonna show you i know that i
be shining like a diamond and you gon
know that you need to light it up and i
know that i find it and i say these
lyrics yes i'm gonna be leaving your
mouth a jaw like a mason and i know that
i got a phrase for you feel like
holidays for you and i know that i got
to just say that the rain gone be binary
every time i stream got the keys open
doors and i fly great lyrics wet yes you
need to [ __ ] hydrate get a hit of the
duel yes i find great lyrics in my mind
you know yes i find these thoughts in my
mind and they saying
you just do all the lyrics so confused
with the way i'm moving the lyrics and
confused with the way i love all the
people in the room i'm going to tell you
that i'm going to tell you the great
[ __ ] kind of be bleeding on the mic
menstruation and you know that the
situation gonna be construed as kind as
cooking on the floor like a stool whoa
you know that i'm gonna have to ram in
your memory con don't know what a
[ __ ] tram is is that the thing that
rides yes it's like a train where you
write it and then you get to another
line and you gon know that i'm gonna
spit you lyrics yes i unravel all the
things i'm gonna be saying yes through
the lines they're gonna travel to
reflector and michael and kerry perez
and husam a7 yes you know that i get in
my mind and i know that the people on
the line gonna walk a couple rounds
shout out to the
17 people who don't know that the kind
gonna let it be so dope with this flow
and i might tell you these things that
you want
[Music]
[Music]
hold up what we doing oh [ __ ] time gonna
be going through the oceans on this
voyage
i know that i'm flowing guess you're
gonna see me do it global
oh you know that i'm gonna build the
globe the time that they be spending on
the illa flows it's gonna equate to the
great type of feelings that you're
feeling every time i'm gonna be spitting
you the reality in your vision ah i'm
gonna tell you that he's so pronounced
with the pronouns and vows that don't
steady bounce in your house now fog on
the doubts on your mind kind don't have
time to be bout no lies i'm gonna show
you that i'm having fun kids kind got
the layers looking like an onion
fruitful with the flow yes i never edit
can't do it live yes i got all of my
metrics khan gonna show you daddy on his
mission to quick your earth yes you know
i'm always looking fission ah what we
doing yes i might digress but i lay the
law down yes you call that congress i
say it all the lyrics that i had to find
in my mind gonna put up on your calendar
cause you know i'm on your radar calling
kind yes you know that i save ours every
night ah no one gonna pull the each
trigger i'm gonna know he'd be the key
figure cause the key figurine is gonna
enter in your scene yes
[Music]
to tell you that you take a left with
the right type of rhyme of all right on
a rhyme and i got the scary freeze got
the popularity now i'm popping you the
scary freezes getting in you
lost the syllable there you know i got
to show you that i'm spitting you the
old so hot to the rhymes you gone
thought to
what they do it be robert you know i got
to go ham i can't say what's good out to
mr cockerham what we do with you did i
say freyler lyrics never that homie this
a game trailer to tell you how i'm gonna
be taking over minds put you in a new
world now you're intertwined with the
way you're feeling like damn is this
real life that's the [ __ ] that that dude
tell your homie inside your mind but
that school homie that's the way the
people live they live yes you gon know
that i'm flaring all the fire in my mind
in my lair in my [ __ ] line every day
i'm going to balloon i'm going to pop i
know that i'm going to get balloons or
balloons or what's the thing like
doubloons i don't know i'm gonna shine
got the treasure in my chest i got the
key to open you the theories yes you're
blessed with the things i'm gonna find
yes i'm gonna look at all the maps so
the raps got the atlas and that last i'm
gonna spit if the lyrics that amass the
globe yes
[Music]
yes i'm going to let it blend in your
mind got the governmental rhymes and
you're loving all the lyrics sacramento
yes i'm smothering you with all the
lines yes i'm laying down the law yes
i'm in the oval office with the way your
glasses yes i'm taking overflow break
out the cure before break out the
system that they gonna put you in you
know you gonna get it in your head i see
bars yes it's virtual call it vr or
v-bar i keep all the lyrics i know i'm
gonna keep under par i'ma show you that
i'm gonna keep sparring with the people
who gon wanna fight
nah let's shake up homie yes i take time
to send i love the love to be people on
the line chilling to the way i'm gonna
be spitting you the rhymes and you know
it's getting better it's each and every
time so kind
gonna tell you that the factions are
rhymes and the actions i take on the
time that are spent gonna be fractals
it's infinite with puzzles that gonna be
extended in your heads i'm breaking
limits every time i'm gonna find time to
show you that kind of different species
are add the letters up got the series ah
no one gonna get it under your graph so
spit the paragraph since i'm birdie
flying high time i'm gonna show you that
i'm getting in your mind yes you think
about it maybe one two maybe four times
but i'm riding on you know that i got it
connie's getting hotter colder in your
[ __ ] climbing i'ma got to show you
what i'm going to do definition of that
rap flow let me show you that i'm
spitting you the words in conceit all
delivers just incorporated refer [ __ ]
to free yes you know i'm fuzzy yes i got
the fur [ __ ] what we doing you know
that i'm gonna disturb this in your mind
i'm so determined did i do it tiki taka
and you know i'm gonna be fired like a
tiki off the top of my mind yes you know
let them go in this picture all the
lyrics dish and you're the flow
assistant you're the flow the situation
switches as i'm spitting through the
flow cause you'll be vacant cause you'll
be watching this [ __ ] every day bless
y'all kinda gonna say yes kyle cause
nico and i know that i'm going this
[ __ ] at all the flows yes up in my
labyrinth every time i move yes i rap
the rhythms that gon get up in the line
you know that the activision gaming on
the line what we doing you know that i'm
acting really crazy and i know i'm gonna
spit it it's just us son yes i'm telling
you the truth i'll be throwing up to you
cause he do the blue yes it's eric just
the sun and i got to show you that i got
the five dollar gift from dude who gonna
got the time to look up in the mazes in
my mind they'd be straight cause i'm
going straight line never rook with a
rhyme let me show you yes i took all the
time gonna put you in a check mate every
time i rhyme you're the puzzles in my
brain and you know that i'm going to
maintain i'm a king with the flow kind
going to tell your dad to knock it down
labyrinth the minds in my mind every
night cause i'm in the lab with all the
rhythms that i tried when she gonna know
that i'm spitting you the vibe i know
that the labor that i put in the inches
of the lyrics that i'm spitting for this
food yes you're gonna know i'm eating it
you're gonna see me through all the
lyrics yes the rhythm gonna be rinsing
in the tune ooh who knew that i'm
hotter than the fire pit i'm gonna fit
this yes i hit the tricks kid yes i
landed with the raps i'm the gymnast i'm
gonna do it nasty in your gym and you
know that you can't beat me khan gonna
tell you that that spit found profound
lyrics every day on a discount cause the
south's so free if you every second
freedom in my dome yes i'm gonna be
freeing you the quotes i know that i'm
spitting you the great logical flows yes
i'm gonna be lighting all your shades
with the fire i expose and i smash the
like button cause dougas tell me to
remind you that that's something that
you probably should do you know i'm
going to tell you that i spit into the
rhymes never be a bummer ah no i'm going
to show you the stress that i'm feeling
going to equate
you know that i get the five dollar flex
from the dude yes he gonna flex his
thumb muscles here with the thumbs up
that he gonna throw right up on the line
dude got clothes kinda gonna get a good
job from the dude on the liner know that
i'm gonna be quick as a foxes split go
with hot [ __ ] that i'm gonna spit right
up off with ah you know that i see you
your mind you know that i'm shouting out
you i do heal cause the love that they
send me is crazy shouts out to zero
stress and eric justin and everyone in
the room with me it's uh hussam and
reflector in the room with me and it's
goat music and it's eric justin i
already said that and it's kerry perez
and it's d bits and it's everyone
lurking in the background it's the
calories that i'm eating when i find the
fat sound
[Music]
yes i got the belief that i'm gonna
throw the love out to scott greenleaf
hey
i'ma spot this relief in my brain you
know that i'm gonna be the burner other
foes they gonna be timely yes they gonna
be lurkers tuning right to back my mind
and you know i'm going to have time to
throw the love cause they tuning into
khan who'da do divine with their true
shitty line after line do it godly every
night i god father rhymes i know i'm
gonna be the binger of the words i'm
going to be the flow lingard khan gonna
show you that i got some flows kind of
gonna be off and awesome with the flows
ah oddly obviously different imma show
you oddly different type of scriptures
that i'm gonna spit in your mind oh hey
how you doing see me clearly yes upon
your 4k tbs i'm gonna cast but i put you
in the cast with the break away i spell
you the lyrics just expand with the
lines that that's not in your mind can't
be a general lieutenant on the line yes
i'm gonna be looting all the letters in
the line now produce the flavor that you
need to tune in
i know that in time con gone been fine
with the five that they spit right upon
your mind and kind gonna show you that
be quite rare with the dreams that they
live in never nightmare but you know
that the night is near so you better put
a con right up in your ear the blissful
type of thing you gonna listen it be
clear that kind is gonna be infinitely
different with the rail flows that he
say well done with the flows no mistake
with the flows high stakes with the
flows every day i skate with the flow
get in your donkon i see with the way he
freezing the flow freedoms of flow in my
mind you know that it's lit never dim
with the flows to not redeem you the
flows yes i deem you to be the king khan
yes i've been the god with the heart of
type lines i'm gonna show you that you
better witness who you think is gonna be
building this business it's the kind
with the guy he the goat tool so you
know we gonna go move with the quotes
strung in the lines and i'm gonna tell
you that above every lyric on excel yeah
creep inside of your mind i'm in your
dreamscape i don't know what that means
but you know i got these lyrics shooting
in your mind yes i fat free everyday you
know that i had to show you that i'm
stringing theories kinda like a banjo
what we doing yes i'm going to come back
the combats out the park with the raps
huh what you thought this was i'm going
to scatter the lyrics and the patterns
winning rings every day out of [ __ ]
saturn sky high universal with the units
of the verses that i'm gonna throw up in
your mind i might show you that i do
traverse the controversies every time i
birth the lyrics right up in your mind i
this uh this one always comes up i'm not
trying to do the jesus vibe i gotta take
that off
[Music]
how we feeling how we feeling now what
type of beat you gon be wanting i don't
know i'm gonna tell you that i'm flowing
on me with the lyrics yes i'm flowing
also and you gonna
[Music]
you know that i do
me reflect on flows in my mind yes i'm
thinking on the line and they throwing
all the emo g's off the top with the cap
no cat phrase i know yes i'm gonna be
captain the phrase every time i'm gonna
spit your rap time to do ah what we
doing yes i find all the miles on your
smile yours gonna be infinite and i do
got heart for your mind and i'm gonna be
in your blue heart tonight in your pink
heart tonight i'mma be a penguin tonight
with the way i'm cold freeze with
sliding type rhymes uh no more brothers
oh you're dead i'm revving on my edging
every day you're gonna see me living on
the edges and you gon know that i had to
sketch it yes i actually read for you
yes i got the lectures in your mind yes
i shine like a star with the knowledge
the kind god going to spit on the lines
i know i gonna do the textbook rhymes up
in your mind context leave your ship
the love that they feel when they turn
into the way i'm gonna say damn what
should i say all up in the rhythm and
they had to just say what comes out but
i'm gonna wrap what you want never black
and white got the mixture yes i'm gonna
be panda tonight i know if the bonus
picture yes i howled the logic up in my
mind spin you like an hour 360 as i
speak nifty treats and i know i'll never
go 50 50. i'll be getting whole pie as i
know the quotes i'm gonna drop gonna
give you all the flavor that you'd like
ah never gonna desert your mind kindness
going to show you that i'm spitting you
the lines every day i'm going to five
days logical flows there's some burning
in your mind i'll be the fireplace i
know that i'm going to block it with my
shield kind of going to tell you that
they got the rhymes to filled one one v
one one you
let me just tell you that you gonna be
needing gonna just get into another
level yes i'm in the season oh you're
mine yes i got it free khan is gonna be
traveling we'll see on his odyssey odd
to see clients beat the ollie [ __ ]
free obviously different with the way
i'm sifting freeze every day i stare
this all the love i'm spitting it's just
the sun yes it's gonna be eric all right
let me not do that bar i'ma bust one
more plus sign to the god cause i'm
adding you the love and i know that i
tussle with the way i'm gonna sun all
other foes i'm gonna become just now i
lay the justice down i'mma show you that
i lay it on your mind to find time to
collide while y'all score all the rhymes
yes you know it's color color dust cause
lighter scope on the rhyme now you know
there to find the cold lyrics in my mind
yes i got to know that imma get the
patterns and you ought to know that the
rhymes i'm going to spit because i disco
you know that i'm going to lie in your
scope yes you're going to see me but i
got the trigger pose kind gonna make you
cope with one dose type rhyme now it's
twice with the triple it rhymes and i
know that the moon is fear yes i call on
the way that i'd like to just call you
the dawn and you gon know that i'm gonna
flow i'm gonna say no way it's a dual
shouts out eric shouts out jerry shouts
out everyone who gonna got to say these
lyrics in my mind yes they gonna request
to be i'm gonna tell you that i'm gonna
be expensive with the time spent on the
freestyle you know that i'm going to
spit yes i'd be wild kind going to do it
to the east side do it to the west side
yes i'm gonna be beast with the lyrics
that i get rhymes uh what we doing kill
you with the oh [ __ ]
that's not what i wanted at all
wow
[Music]
well
with that
we will move on to jerry's
uh request
with that this click
it is what it is
how we feeling today people
not gonna lie about the vocals
are stressed i've been kind of going
hard
this past week
so i'm going to tone it down a little
bit
if that's okay with y'all i do still
want to go to the
two hours
let me tell you that i'm thinking
on the blinker sinking in your [ __ ]
mind now kind open ozzy blinking
how's it going be linking you all of
these rhymes now i know i do code lyrics
kinda gonna spit
[Music]
through the spirit and you know i'm
going to experience it connie's going to
do it yes you're going to need a vicious
flow from the dude i'm going to say hey
how you doing mitt fresh with the flames
i know that i'm going to got the mess in
my minecraft going to be the lioness i'd
be the lion too what's a lion man is
that just a lion i don't know but i got
the time
tell you that i'm gonna get expensive
with the time i spent yes you know i get
the head on the line let me tell you
that i'm gonna speak this
what is this this is not my
i wanna take my bed
you know that i'm gonna find time
spitting you the fine rhyme
reflector going to be online now
usama7 on the line now
it'd be craziness how i'm maintaining
this
giving you the lyrics miss behaving with
this
luck is on my side
cause you know i'm saying bye bye
crocodile
ah crack your mind with my crocs
stepping overnight cracking ankles now
yes i got the dial turned on the vibe
i'll be rocking it tonight
and nah
no one going to have a favor
see you later alligator
thinking they'd be better but they so
inferior be superior in my interior
the design of the thoughts in my mind
gonna find y'all tuned in every night
inside y'all ghs gon know that i see
lyrics inside my mind always gonna bleed
in your mind you gon know that don't go
and fly this i can't steal your time on
the ocean i'm a pirate i'm gonna tell
you that i'm gonna [ __ ] with the foes
i'm gonna be cooking it up fancy the
duck's gonna be fried cause the flames
coming through from luck yes he'd be my
god khan gonna tell you ya
cause he nestled in the fly flows out to
traveling jack on the rhine jerry no way
no change knows i'm gonna triangulate
flows yes i'm multi-colored with the way
i paint the flows khan is gonna show you
that he's simping in your cities to the
way it's litty everyday the simplicity
other lyrics that i'm spit into your
mind gonna be gritty yes i'm gonna be
infinitely limited to the limits that
i'm putting on the lyrics that i'm
spitting in your mind but i pit it
against the people who do not got the
trajectory to be getting to the lyrics
that i let to bleed i know that i'm
feeling serendipity you're staring the
flows yes i'm gonna dip in beats i'm
gonna show you did i be getting first in
the line to get into the metaverse i met
up with a verse i'm gonna give you
metaphors in the verse yes it's four
times with encrypted words kind won't be
looping in your mind yes i spit the
scripture yes with scripture you're my
rhyme you know that i'm getting too aha
way inside my mind feels so heavenly as
i lay on your mind with the lines as i
lie on the
pavement
of drive that i got in the roads of the
rhymes in my mind so it's row row
tonight through the rivers of the
floods
in my thoughts
as i'm storming you the what did you
want
[Music]
all right
what we gonna do is slow it down on
purpose
but you know i'm getting into these
lyrical speech kindness gonna be so
dusty with things he gonna be
ah no one can dust ya every day i'm
going to trust you to just listen to
lyrics i spin inside your mind i muster
up the trust the justice gonna be upon
the line burning you yes you must just
be seeing me just fine the logic you'll
know that the flow it seems it's gonna
be chronic yes i'm getting in your mind
with all the poetries and rhyming eyes
no i'm gonna tell your dad is so ancient
with the flows and you know that they
tell them they ancient cause they not
old school with the vibe i'm a glide as
i guard your mind to a remedy tonight
got the motion got the emotions blended
yes you're feeling dope on the internet
i'm spoken with the lyrics overspoken
get wrapped yes the next track gonna
extract all the next claps uh see what
we doing got ella flo's crowning on them
kind gon be godzilla king khan show you
daddy monkeying around with all the bars
just as funky with the sound i tell you
that i've been wet flows that i inject
to your bloodlines with the rhymes that
blood through the thorns of the vibe and
i know you who is yes you're going to
see me kind be the guy who got solutions
dissolving the answers of my mind every
day i'm spitting you the stanzas of mine
and you gonna see me get up through the
stenched rhymes on your face yes it
smells good yes i eat it like a french
fry lost the pocket but you know what
god's done you another one kind of
bopping like a drum
gonna show you that i'm off hat with the
lyrics yes i'm keeping up with it it's
hi-hat no one gonna spill it in your
head and henceforth move with the
lyrical diligence and i'm gonna
do it yes i do invent lyrics that i'm
gonna duly sent sign it on the contract
what we doing who's hot everyday kind
sliding like the moon wall shining in
the ways of the steps hi how you doing
so misbehave
[Music]
how we doing youtube
you know that i'm gonna got time to show
you
that i'm feeling really right now
you know that i give you what y'all
gonna want every time y'all
yes you know i'm gonna find times
[Music]
shout out to my guy who chillin with the
dude you gonna spit a flow for your mind
everyday shots i [ __ ] know i'm going to
be alien with all the crazy [ __ ] i'm
going to be sending yes i'm taking over
worlds with the words i'm blending kind
don't be on your abs yes they waiting
for the kind to spit the rhyme
application on your mind got solutions
yes i'm gonna be spreading you're the
curse yes i'm flowing you're the pure
what we doing yes absurd with the way
you observing the lines got to show you
that the flow's hot yes evaporate water
i'm gonna show you that dominion melon
god is cracking all the lines yes i'm
watermelon with the fruitful flow you
know that i do expose all the lyrics
that be growing through your dorms khan
gonna show you that he got five hey
what's good danielle b you know that i'm
gonna say hey let me
[Music]
every day i stare at these lyrics just a
cherry blossom in the way that they're
growing with the lyrics that are tossed
in my no i'm blooming yes they looming
in my mind yes i'm shining yes i got the
loomis luminescence in my ass is going
to show you who is the doodle spit the
truest message in the santa's voice dude
it's iconic khan is going to show you
daddy vibing with the logic daddy going
to slow you yes you never got the time
to describe it
describe it can't kind got to rhyming
uh shut up daniel dw
hold up hold up hold up hold up hold up
hold up you know i'm going to get inside
the floor
[Applause]
yes i'm staring you the lyrics yes
terrariums gonna witness that the dude
is gonna be rarer growing in your mind
you know that i got flows kind of
chipping through the flavor got the
nachos i know that you're gonna feel him
i'm gonna break through all your
ceilings close the roof with the proof
put up in the booth and i know that i'm
gonna tell your truth and i
gonna be choosing to be different every
time you're proving con is going to
choose to live it yes you're dreaming
lucid what we doing you know that you're
feeling it
yes you're gonna be killing it you know
that i do pack raps in your mind guess
this girl pack attack every time they
tune in and i know that i do the free
flow
it's implied the kind going to
prioritize the lines that you try open
right up in your eyes i know that i do
it really [ __ ] dope and it's unsalted
fresh with the lyrics that provoked mine
and i know that they're done wet flow's
gonna be popping on your mind like does
that electrical with the sounds as i'm
gonna elect all of the tricks and the
sound all the lyrics and i triple in the
lyrics that i'm speaking and they're
gone all this yes i'm gonna be riddling
you gonna focus kind spit the widdles in
the letters and you wanna see me swing
with fiddles and you're gonna see me
every day i'm going to get up in your
heads gone on oh yes i'm locked down on
defense and you're going to see me never
had time to waste i'm going to eat up a
beat you know kind got the taste i say
hey how you doing bye carrie hi how you
doing peace out to the homie i know that
i got the three files from mr fong
groove on the line and i know i want to
wish you what you want to be existing in
the lines in your blood and you're going
to think that the dude in his hand but
you know that the flow's there then he
gonna abandon the know that the dude got
high [ __ ]
and i got time never got no judgments
imma show you i'll be a judge kid i'm
going to tell you that i'm never going
to budge kid i'mma tell you that it's
going to be scrummages i'm gonna be
winning scrimmages i'm gonna be winning
games i'm gonna be winning rings and you
know i'm gonna sing the things i'll be
faking you the cookies and the flavors
gonna bleed right up in your mind i'm
gonna spit this every day the kind gonna
do with no resistance throwing your neck
can't impede the guy cause he gonna do
well yes he said he got persistence and
you know i'm going to get inside your
systems every day i'm going to praise
him bend the line up in your mind and i
get it great now i'm going to be a
renegade cause you're going to get
inside your mind yes i'm going to say
that i'm going to get a blade and i cite
it on your mind every day revolving the
vinyl classics that i drive in the fire
and i know i'm traveling right about to
my guy jack on the line and i'll spat
you a bomb going every day it's great
it's good like the morning wait time got
to go i go with those never that homie
click on it every day damn
[Music]
every day i
[Music]
and i know that you're going to listen
to it health you'll be feeling inside
your mind when
right up inside your mind i'm getting it
darted like an arrow while i'm the
target yes i'm gonna arrow
space study lyrics yes my space gonna be
the pace that i'm gonna keep every day
when on the race and you gonna see me
spit your serve your lines i'm gonna ace
what we doing kind gonna spit it yes to
face your face look at where you gonna
be stenching yes you're smelling all the
stinks what we doing kind of gonna tell
you that gonna do this lyric send it to
your kindness transmuting
switch the mute homie gonna be
transmuting bumpy liar yes it's higher
with the way yes beauties there is to
god to tell you i'm gonna show you that
21 people who gonna tune into the kind
now is jason smith to tune into the way
i'm going to spit this [ __ ] it's 9 99
with the euros ready step in the room
kind of gonna do it yes i do find the
flyers lyrics that i be spending in time
you know what the feeling is priceless
imma just tell you that i'm gonna grind
every day i'm gonna tick-tock gonna be
viral with the way he gonna spin clocks
i know that you're gonna get this kind
it's gonna suggest it yes it's automatic
with all the flexes that you're gonna
test inside the vibe you're gonna get
this kind it's gonna tell you the
sentence i'm just gonna speak you the
lessons i'm just gonna teach you my
blessings i'm just gonna preaching some
mentors i'm just gonna reach it's
essential that you got the time to just
feel all the lyrics that i got the time
to spit in the riddles yes i'm in middle
love all my thoughts nah kindness going
to tell you they're never going to
scribble all the mother thoughts
getting some free kind should give them
a yellow card for that penalty nah
but you know i'm going to score i'm
going up a 90 kick it don't look at [ __ ]
just above homie you got to see me kind
going up a ride just between the angle
of the posts and i post it on live and
you're going to see me every day i'm
scoring yes i'm going in my core with
all the flows that flowing that's the
globals going to know the vocals tune
into the way i steer high flows yes you
see the mirage bro kind is painting
pictures ain't it slicker with the brush
the painting's quicker every day it's
luscious with the ancient scripture
old school with the wise thoughts that
i'm gonna spit up on your minds
we got a beat request
though so we're gonna do that
jason smith shouts out to you
the grind is priceless the grind is
truly priceless bro actually the price
is time
and you know
that it's free with the style it's so
priceless
uh
[Music]
dripping sweat on my grind yes i like
this
[Music]
dripping sweat on my mind yes i like
this
[Music]
let me
let me tell you that i'm gonna get
elections voted for the dude i do the
misdirections yes i'm gonna miss
directors light up in your mind yes i'm
married to misdirect she direct with the
way she gonna say hey better get on your
day main you know that i'm gonna be
spitting you the lyrics yes the
borrowathon is every time i run with
other thoughts right up in my mind and
i'm gonna be at sea all day call that a
marathon you're gonna know that i'm
winning and i get the twist inside of
your mind just the smiles gonna get
extended for like 26. marathons are
smiles that i'm gonna put you on you
ain't you gonna know you're gonna get it
overdosing you the lyrics and i do some
lyrics they be gruesome slice it yes i'm
cutting in your blood when i do
something hold up what we doing you know
that i get it in your head i'm never
gonna descend i steady ascend and i tell
you that you're gonna sense that khan is
constantly best does he gonna expose his
sense i'm gonna tell you that i had to
fight the foes in my mind the kind is so
fanatical and not fan you the raps that
i flow spinning you're the venting flows
and i know that you won't mow
gonna spit the cold breeze cold freeze
cold these scriptures in your mind so
encrypted in my mind i be training
learning really deep with the lyrics so
amazing hold up what we doing yes i stay
fly kind quicker
hold strong got a strong hold on flows
and i get the reps i flow in your mind
fixated on its old mechanical khan gonna
show you that he's so colossal with the
losses that he's sending yes it's so
colossal with they frowns they they be
bending down with the way i spit the
sound and they be like damn homie how
you do that right there i just found out
profound states of mind on my route when
i'm spitting you the lyrics that just
sprout rare thoughts and i've been the
kid who be doing this got stamina got
endurance with the lyrics who is elusive
i'm gonna do it illusions of all the
rhythms going bruise inside all your
mental you know it don't be the doodle
confusion with way he gonna be fusing
all of the lyrics you knew it you gonna
know why you intruding inside your mind
introducing you to things produced
inside the kind every day you gonna know
the dude who's different how high can it
find that fly down tonight no i'm gonna
show you that i'm spitting you my mind
now kind i'm gonna burn y'all generally
dope in charge like colonel i know i'm
telling you the weather freeze kind got
the bare rounds the necessities
gonna play on beats with the flamenco
i'm gonna be flaming they gon want an
encore and i know they don't spit into
the flows that i find in my mind and the
ball is gonna be chords in your mind as
i tied up notes together every time i
harmonize and i'm harming your eyes at
harming your minds with the logical
lines
i'm armed with tonight
uh flamenco guitar type b what time is
it
we have been going for almost two hours
people
and i could not be happier
because the flows don't stop
reflector mr funk groove d bits who's
psalm a7 jason burns jose hernandez how
are we feeling
nick and oh
i must be a
naked flow
uh
almost 2 pm pst
let me tell you the time
[Music]
uh
how we doing yes i'm gonna wrap the
stories kind flowing through your mind
it's transitory i'm gonna ride i'm gonna
fly i wanna swim i'm gonna win
see i got on your
be promises homie get these thoughts
that i'm blending in your mind i'm gonna
be lending you the lyrics that you're
gonna be wanting in the
things i'm gonna be thinking and it's so
tremendous how i'm gonna be commonplace
with the flows i'm sending ah yes i
kinda got the conic place inside my mind
the chronic type of high i'm gonna find
the faces
very different with the way your eyes
closed and your mouth wide open and
you're gonna be munching on the guy who
gonna be just bitten you the bunches of
the rhymes and the hunches in my mind
gonna be lunch of every night i see i'm
eating just be misbehaving dope every
day i'm saying hi i'm gonna be waving
oscillate the flow that's isolated in
the mind yes i'm gonna formulate
equations with the rhyme con gonna show
you that e bump in conjunction gonna be
the rhyme function i know that i'm gonna
be pronounced with the way that i'm
gonna speak profound little phrase you
know that you're gonna bounce with the
lane that i move and i know that the
bridge gonna sway when i spit you the
breeze of the lines oceanic with the
wind that i'm gonna find time to just
spit you know i'm crazy free yes i'm
gonna spit the lyrical abcs hey how you
doing b
see me do it free with the ease yes i
left you on f grade a with the way you
speak your lyrics yes they stack yes i
rhyme you the g's kind gonna hate to
tell you that kind gonna say h and move
on to i cause i'm gonna tell you that i
need to hit the j k gonna be on colton
today hold up you know that i'm going to
hand the l telling you i'm going to get
the m's with the way you mention ends in
your mind and i know i get my ends and
i'll lend you a hand oh know how we do
that op type [ __ ] here and oh gee send
you the lyrics on qb
on cue card gonna do it really fine i
heart out the art with the lyrics that i
try
so you are
flying yes i'm still entireties i'm
stealing on your flows i'm going to be
time
i'm going behind them i lost my state of
mind hold up what we doing test me you
know that i'm going to get free in my
mind yes the letters gonna be messy but
you see me get the s c in the lines
every day yes i test these lyrics and
possess free so obsess g with the
frequencies in my head yee ah what we
doing kind all right let me find time to
speed up in your mind one time raiding
you amazing lyrics you know that i spill
the tea give it to you with the truth
that you're gonna need khan gonna show
that i'll be spitting you a fly in your
mind who knew that you gonna be you when
you tune into the guy he gonna vivify
your eyes to the way he kill it then he
gonna revive the mind every time i'm
gonna say hey how we doing everyday i'm
spitting you the flames khan gonna say
next
that beat be my ex on to the next
finding y's as they z on the con
sleep one more time
ah
yo
all right guys
yeah
oh this beaded soul is so smooth
so smooth
all right guys
what we're gonna do you skipped nya i
did skip anya bro let me
all right guys here's a quick outro beat
um i think just to protect the vocals i
will end it on this beat real quick
appreciate all the support regardless
throughout the stream with your eyes
with
all y'all chilling
um i just want to say
appreciate y'all
for tuning in
um reflector being here the whole time
mike jerry jonko
he spit a rhyme and yay
they'd be screaming with joy because he
got to nye
got you homie yeah my mic slot really
loud now because i turned it up way loud
but
anyway
this has been a real one go check out
all the content um i got a bunch of
footage of [ __ ] so just stay tuned just
stay tuned
um