what's good what's good what's good
what's good what's good to the youtube
sing
song to me see
everything i need when they sending love
out to me and comments be already the
fire coming through five people on the
line they come to the things that i do
it's dumb dude as i'm a smarting up a
rhyme yes i'm sparking up i'm gonna be
marketing your kind kind gonna hit the
marks up in your mind yes you know i'm
gonna get it equal to the hot five
marxists with the fire that don't go on
this fish so communal on the rhyme hold
up what we doing
spitting you the things that you needed
to hear it gonna be buddha bear
tune into me i think i'm starting to
like od on all the mac reactors you know
that i know these lyrics and all the
factors that you're gonna go inside of
your mind when you listen to the gods
listen to the gold spit the rhyme off
the top they're like damn hold up how we
find time to do that in his mind in the
rhythm and to make it sound so far in
the flow you're gonna see him bouncing
all the people gonna be smiling and i
know he gonna announce it every time
that he be on it the mic and you're
gonna be like oh [ __ ] he just did that
sounding silly as i do this so
resilience i got the millions of those
i'm peeling back
the layers in my head now please
fine hour past time not coming through
as i'm speaking you these
freeze there's no music
you don't hear the music
hold up
oh [ __ ] there's no music in one second
i don't know why that's happening
let me let me show you this is a
compeller for you damn that's why homie
let me tell you what we doing
[Music]
hold up what we got to do with you know
that i'm going to spew it every day the
rare flows want to be like there it goes
there we go a cappella to start off the
whole stream yes some god's rocking in
my mind i'm going to find a pocket yes
i'm going to be so intertwined with the
people who'll be tuned into me hiya is
brian you know that i'll be singing you
these songs yes i'm sending love to the
fam of hong kong hold up you know
with the way the heat flowing yes i'm
rocking yes it's earthy with the things
i'm doing hold up what we doing yes i
volcanically blow up your mind with the
heart to free i'm gonna show you off the
handle lobby
telling you i'm gonna spark this kind
gonna do it yes i'm never outnumbered
feeling really spartan kind showing you
that i be doing this it's gonna be
improvisation at its finest when i speak
yes i'm going to tell you that the
conversations con is going to be
spitting in the verses saying hi to
people in the
gonna feel so sweet cc
c sweet with the ceo flow hold up at c
at ease with these free speed flows hold
up what you doing yes i'm gonna wrap
these thoughts making contact in your
mind g
[Music]
see what i do you know that i'm gonna
bend that guy who'll be spitting you the
flow yes the rhythm and the rhyme is
what i'mma implant y'all mine gonna find
khan now your dental moving yes you're
telling other guy about the guy who spit
it off the top he gonna dance the lines
like it's kind guy all that kind guy
[Music]
gonna make you move up in the line you
know i'm gonna do it right now what we
doing kind gonna spit around you know
you're gonna be grooving right with the
guy right now you know that i'm going to
speak fire robber [ __ ] a ham tune into
the lyrics i'mma aspire to squire off
top of the minder you gonna just want it
i do it all often
awesome with the lyrics and i know i'm
gonna leave them all it's a sin way i'm
killing this hold up you know that it's
gonna be awesome fire you know that it's
gonna be awesome not on the field as i
be going on re-old school with the way i
kick a flow up a nine
[Music]
how we doing you know that i'm going to
speak the purity hey locking down the
bars in the cells yes or no i got
security let that be me either way
[Music]
this t-rex can spit now to meet me
drawing now tune in to me do styles kind
of gonna do it every day i be like drew
it on it homie as i'm casting you these
spells shouts out to the gamers yes i'm
gonna do expel the lyrics in my mind and
i'm gonna go a sail through the oceans
every day i'm gonna be prevailing cause
the kind is never failing yes i'm on my
ground like rail is when i'm stating yes
i'm flipping you the kicks of all the
lyrics that are spitting now ah landed
stick it yes i'm riding yes it's smooth
with all the lyrics yes i'm gonna
don't know much about the shaolin
ah how we doing
[Music]
see what we doing you know that i got to
flow now deep with the movement yes i'm
feeling nautical now he's going to do it
cruising yes it's going to be
really lyrically deep as i'm a [ __ ]
easily free
it's a breeze i breathe the way you
breathe breathless type of freeze i'm
spitting yes they restless yes they
tuning into me invest the seconds of the
blessed thoughts up in my me
he be doing this and they be saying mama
me i just need another rhyme from the
dude
hold up you know that i'm going
encroaching inside of your mind yes you
know i'm gonna be like roaches i'm
crawling bugging on a rhyme you're gonna
want a moab the lyrics that is gonna get
inside your mind approaching to
different to different to different
levels now i'm sifting yes i'm feeling
lifted giving you the trouble town all
in my mind just had to find time to tell
you that the love was a kind gonna be
love
it's gonna be heat every day every layer
up here yes i do
tell you these truths
ah what will we do
you know the dhamma cause of this
trouble with the spitted rhyme yes i'm
gonna double dribble carry mics hold up
what we doing carry it like boulders on
my shoulder rock yo with the lyrics that
i got to show you in my spirit holder
you know that i'm going depict a picture
that the duty always scripting you
another scripture whoa
kind gonna be detector of the soul yes
you could yes i'll be prescripta doctor
here yes reveal your astarilla lyrics
that you're gonna want yes i'm gonna
reveal ya another truth you're gonna see
dude just move up and talk this much now
hold up what we be doing yes i'm trying
to go the fine kind everyday i'm finding
the ways out of my [ __ ] the confines
that i do fine in on my brain yes you're
going for one kind how do we doing this
yes you know that i'm going to deduce
this yes i'll be bopping on slows you're
gonna want it you know i'm gonna go
introduce this
inside your mind yes i'm gonna try all
of the angles of all the letters that
you'll be chilling inside of my mind
i'll show you that i got the words free
yes they can't be the best that's not
the hyperbole
i be telling you can't be touching me
i'll be asymptotic on the way i graph
your [ __ ] freeze
telling you that you need this every day
i'm going to speak the things you're
going to be needing inside your mind
teaching you this 101
just instantaneously the better guy
who'll be just speaking you the flames
my g you're gonna see me you're gonna
need me you're gonna see the bee
me be the
of the things you're gonna
[Music]
look up to g he be
[Music]
flying low as the eyes low as the guy
knows that he
is the beat should be louder i don't
know hold up
let me tell you that a little bit louder
probably bit a bit louder yes i know i'm
going to be the thought of daughter
through my mind i'm going to tell you
that that little yes and [ __ ] on the
game you're going to see me yes i'm
spitting you the things you're going to
know we're going to be building this
movement i'm gonna be building the 11
people that gonna be moving i'm gonna
get across i'm going to tickets i could
take find the pocket you'll know that
i'm spitting on it yeah the beats seem
awful hold up yes it's up up down down
left left with the right sound that i'm
going to spit yes it's going down in
your downtowns as you bounce north with
the way that you're going to say damn
dude how you do that right there with
the fluid tune you know that i got the
quotients in my mind i'm going to div it
in your heads i'll be obvious yes i'm
gonna control everything we gon connect
through the universe soul energy we
detect when we living when we breathing
when we seeing each other moving through
the screen i know that you feel this yes
i'm gonna speak this build this logic
that i'm thinking about i'm going to be
philosophizing all the thoughts up in my
me and i tell you that i'm doing this
every evening evening be hold up you
know that i show you proof when i be
carrying all your pain like ibuprofen
hold up you know that i do this chill
with it like a pill with the hold up
what we doing kind gonna do this um
gonna spit the red freeze kind got the
literature the literary things i'm gonna
do it yes it's vicious how we say these
lyrics right up in the line like a
stairway to heaven i'm a rocky [ __ ]
mind never needed lead though zipping
through the lines flying through the sky
through the trees in my mind forestry
icon looking clean when i rhyme
[Music]
what we what we what we what we doing
up up down down left right left right a
b start a little crazy type of spite i
know that i'm gonna do this every day
i'm never leaving beats inconclusive
imma do it cause i'm in kind inclusive
with the lyrics yes delusions in my
[ __ ] mind be confusing every time i'm
gonna be using all these thoughts that
we feel
that we making you ill you're gonna know
this you know damn gonna rap proud khan
gonna get high like crack house ah show
you that i'm gonna move this khan got
the code in this game yes he knew this
that he gonna be winning yes i throw the
heart free yes i've been encoded like
it's cone on me with the classic games
the old school type of way that the play
with the phrase on the beat with the
pigs who tuned to the dude it's iconic
give it to you yes it's 5 49 or 4.99 or
a lot of [ __ ] love it's all the same
[ __ ] when jason smith is on the line
with the fire and the hearts and the
shouts out to the con crew inside of the
proud route that we seeing on the line
yes you're never blue unless you're
throwing love upon the comment section
true let me show you that i'm going to
bump y'all a little bit of mo love y'all
i'm going to pray on the flow i'm making
my prey i grow yes i'm grilling it the
fire going to cook up [ __ ] flames in
your heart bro what we doing here's the
smoke do you know like the flavor oil
when you talk you know you won't see it
yes you better savor the moment every
day is going to be awesome with the
session yes it's yesterday and today and
every day when i'm telling you the
clever phrase right above the brain it
be daily how we spitting you the off top
thoughts making kind
uh
how we doing how we doing you know that
we feeling really true now
true be the train that i'm gonna sign
now
rain gonna maintain
through the storms in my brain it be
king kong gold dripping through the sky
you know that i'm gonna be spitting you
the truest lines i'ma show y'all that
i'm gonna be trusting in the lines
they're gonna be adjusting inside my
mind blow up combustion call the
combustion inside your mind with the
rounds that i'm thrusting yes i must
been the best dude who done done this
then i'm gonna be just moving you know
that i'm going through the snow i'm
gonna be grooving yes i'm gonna be
sliding yes you know i'm gonna be
sneaking yes i'm sliding through the
snow you're gonna know you're gonna
360 with the sweet nifty tricks and i
tell ya that i'm doing this let me move
up in the lyrics as i do this [ __ ] hold
it yes i'm going to do it yes i'm
dominating khan got the rhymes so
accommodated inside the flows and you're
my oh ho dude who gonna be the rhyme
mogul you know that i do this yes i see
mo goals flying lower than me as imma go
through the sky you know that i'm gonna
got bun every day bumping every day a
long jump with the flows that i'm
jumping in your mind you'll know that
you feel it in your strong blood through
your mind yes it's gonna make you feel
like true true with the way i'm gonna
chew on a beat bite down on the track
guess it's a meth and dope with the way
that i'm gonna be mf jonesy in for
another beat right now hold up what we
doing yes i speak like why what we doing
you know that is going quite wild when
i'm gonna speak your other feelings in
my mind hold up you know that i'm gonna
grab it what we doing favorite halloween
candy is i probably like a kitkat twix i
don't know but i'm doing this really
quick with the delivery then i'm
screwing this hold up you know that i
flow this con always on this drive yes
i'm on a road trip call that a contract
call that a context for you every day
i'm in my mind spit you all the books
i'm gonna cook it's the recipe it's to
get up in your mental beat and meditate
upon free and you gon know that the dude
never hesitated he got a lot to throw
right up in your mind hold up do this
free everyday yes you dance like a disco
beat
shouts out to the people who see
[Music]
that we that we that we
feeling really feeling really feeling
really feeling really dope right now
hold up right now
yes i cause a wildfire with the fire
that be making all the people go wild
now kind showing you i'm gonna do this
though for you i never got the
cherophobia never scared of no cherry
i'll be popping in the lyrics yes you're
gonna see me picture all the [ __ ]
things i'm thinking when i'm seeing
words i don't know i'm gonna tell your
definitions going through them i'm gonna
know that i'm never gonna backtrack
always gonna build the next track yes
you know i'm gonna get raps you know
that i'm gonna get stacks kind spitting
you the best facts off his mind
show you that done stringing theories
like a violin you know that is violin as
i'm gonna beat up on it you know that
i'm gonna speak your wanting every day
you know that i'm gonna be eating with
all the things that i'm doing in my mind
so i'm doing kind each and every day and
i find that it's so ignominious
i don't know what that means but i'm
never ignoring nominations from the
people tune in to me speaker truthfree
shout out to the 20 people concurrently
viewing hold up you know that i might
fuse the lyrics and their minds twisted
got them confused what we doing yes it's
gonna be in fuels with the con things
they'd be thinking on his mind dude hold
up you know it's my memoir as i show you
memories in the reservoir in the bloods
inside my mind you know i get it raw in
the flesh and bone that be storing all
these rhymes hold up now you know that
i'm gonna fold up all the work that i'm
putting in the home of the god in my
mind got the rooms of the mansions got a
garden got a neighborhood of rhymes what
we doing yes i'm saying true or vibes
every day you're gonna know i'm building
cities with the rhymes now electing him
to be spitting through the tricks and
the lyrics that just trickle in your
heads get it quick now ah you know that
the phlogy got the kanji you know that
i'm doing this yes i'm gonna find me
every day i'm doing this yes i'm gonna
find globe moving with the way i'm gonna
be spinning you're the lyrics so
infinite yes i'm blending through the
limits now he just doing this every day
the citizens of the lines ah
[Music]
synthesize the line hold up you know
damn i'm gonna do this yes i'm gonna
find this yes you know i'll never be
conscientious what does that really mean
maybe i'll be there all the time you
know that i'm gonna get it quick i'm
gonna show you that i'm gonna be getting
in your mind yes i'm going to
metamorphosize a beat you know that i
got the metamorphin in the raps that i'm
gonna be folding you as i be rapping
heat what we doing you know that i'm
gonna find the time in my mind 333 say
hi in the rhyme so i need to say hi to i
be a pro convinced i am the dual kind
you know he'd be like vince in the room
as he gonna win mill 360 and i know that
i've been nifty with the tricks iffy be
the way they feeling when i'm going spit
free
showing you that he be the guy who'll be
spinning vibes like the cdi tell you
that i'm gonna air on your tv stony
vision going to see me stoned in the
three state he's gonna see me rocking
yes i'm building this metropolis you
know i got it in my mind i'm gonna get
the straight lines in the mind out to
sky with the lyrics that around
hold up
hold up shouts out to youtube
who'll be tuned to
the lyrics that i find
in my mind you know that i get some
futuristic with the way i'm flying near
these flows like the jet sun
i'm a jetson fly sky high in your mind
find the wise through the wi-fi i peruse
inside your minds through your earbuds
tonight you're gonna hear what the guy
got to say your point of mind hold up
what he is the guy who'll be spitting
you the fly lyrics do it off this fly
hold up you know that i'm doing all the
cause i know i'm in my mind i feel so
insulated i'm isolated with the waves
that isolating in the lyrics yes i'm
signing greatness off the top of my mind
now they gonna want a sign there hold up
you know that i'm on the tangent bro
whoa what we doing yes i got the answers
to the way you're thinking about the
world i'm gonna have to spew the math i
do in my mind i'm adding why and how and
when inside of my mind and i'm thinking
bout all the things we gonna find that
be questioned in our minds but i'm
solving out the how every day figuring
out how the guy gonna be spitting you
the lyrics right up in your mind you
know that i got lots going on behind the
bars like the doo-doo posting behind the
bars actually that's a lot of the same
[ __ ] it's bars every day you're moving
through it you know that i do it you
know that i've been flames cause they
send into at a time when the rhyme is
gonna engage all the demands they tune
into the kind spit to the dope yes i'm
running rocking through the flow like
the flintstones and i get the flints in
the road and i light them yes they
flicker all the fire like my soul kind
gonna strike up hoes guess that is a
compose guess that is a composition that
the spirit just the composition that i
take in the witch in the kind
[Music]
gonna get a lot of
love up in the line as they gonna throw
me five it's brian and kong who gone
tune into the flyers rhymes from kong
hold up yes it's gonna be king kong khan
gonna tell you that they do love the guy
who gonna send a little lemon you know
that is a little bitty the blue i don't
know if that's another lemon in the room
but i'm gonna try to do what i see in
room yes it's blue yes it's still and i
know that they steal all your time with
the choosing type feels that die finding
the line yes i'm going to squeeze it
making lemonade got the mental making
mental aid and i know i need no pen to
just be sending you these phrases and i
know i'm always entering in a center
type of lasers uh what we doing yes i'm
getting to your mind i'm gonna be
cutting up i got the lot i'm striking
like a laser now hold up yes i'm getting
puzzles found just to pick the pictures
that you seeing when i bump a sound kind
gonna do it right together in a row and
you're gonna know that i'm always gonna
be a roll rolling through the rivers in
the blood in my mind hold up let me
throw you up love go what just
phonetically do it really easily as i'm
never editing me do it ethically got the
morals to be spitting you the vocals
alphabetically i be alpha in the homie
beating down the betas b you know that
i'm building betas yes i'm programming
the sea every day you know the code that
we writing down in c yes you're gonna
see me speaking all these lyrics phoebe
get indeed handing out d as they be
seeing me spit the lyrical cds off the
top of my mind i'm going to do it with
the ease left in my mind just bereft of
a rhyme never that i be leaving rappers
getting an f when they rhyme
[Music]
telling you what you need to see is the
lyrics on your ig yes it's og as he
flows g hold up whoa hold up you know
that you know what you want it's kind to
be spitting you're the dull stuff kind
showing you i'm going to see this lyrics
every day i'm going to do it best
believe it let me cut the alphabet deck
off there you know i do it really easily
when i be going there you know that i'm
gonna squeeze it and you're gonna see me
rare let me find the rhymes in the lyric
of the bear hold up debate the god gone
create another rhyme i be winning that
argument homie yes there's no argument
that the duel is going to spark a hit in
this rhymes when they do when you're the
true free d three three three tune in to
me speak you these mean sweet freeze
kind showing you they don't go and flow
great ah you know they don't send in
love about to know i shouts out jerry
right now you see me dude this so easily
yes i do but passionately and i know
they're the clashing with my mind and
the rhythm in the flow and i'm thinking
how we go oh [ __ ] i never wrote that
down let me just find rays in my mind
and i'm going to find time to shine down
the light yes it's king kind gold off
the top yes it's elemental rhymes hold
up you know that i rant
all the lyrics in my mind i'm going to
pamper all the people who just want to
see me stack
up the lyrical quotes and the answers
then i'm thinking right up off the tap
yes i'm going to scatter patterns every
day i'm out of space i'm out to saturn
had words for you you'll know that i
borrow you another lyrical bumping type
of cartoon smiling on weekends driving
on here it's crazy how you sitting yes
i'm vibing with sweetness kind showing
you i'm gonna wrap your greatest
everyday your city clearly protect like
laminated hold up never gonna need paper
so i never need no lamination man i'll
be spitting you the lumens you know that
i'm shining every day i'm going to do it
yes i'll leave i'm so eliminated and i
know i'm going to be the greatest in my
mind i'm going to do a roll up you're
going to know i go what inside your mind
you know that i'm going to roll up yes
i'm strolling in the rhyme i'm walking
yes i'm gonna be balling yes i'm
cracking ankles getting to the lane i'm
banking off and switching in the english
that i'm spinning mane hold up what we
do when you know that i got to solve all
the answers in my mind the coded
microsoft type of answers that i'm
spitting yes it's going google search
all the logic in my mind and you know
i'm gonna be linking in the line so
professionally yes i'm gonna network on
a [ __ ] rhyme let me show y'all that
i'm gonna spit words yes i'll be the
stripper of the thoughts and give it so
exposed like it's twitter hold up you
know that done spitting you the flow's
kind gonna do it every day i'm gonna
expose y'all with the way your faces
look i know i'm gonna advertise bonnie
like it's facebook not kind showing you
i'll be so fly g yes i'm gonna post the
story live right up on your ig hi he's
going to be the high free speeder off
the top g ib telling you that that's
been your hair yes you snap back gonna
snap back every day i post it up on
snapchat god gonna move it every day i'm
gonna do this every day i choose it to
be different yes i'm gonna tell you that
i ooze it every day up in my noodles yes
i'm gonna get the word so impeccable yes
i'm gonna press it word afterward every
day hold up in the line you know that
i'm gonna be impressing her to be tuned
into the lyrics that i heard in my mind
hold up what we doing voices
[Music]
how we doing people
do we want it do we want it
it's a chili
it's a chili made beets
you know cause you're chilling with your
mates b
come on
yes we bumping yes we bumping you know
that i'm gonna show you that i'm gonna
stare this here in your mind yes i'm
gonna be blurring it it's so imperative
that i be needing all the things up in
the moment let me focus on the things
i'm doing in the moment hold up you know
that i'm gonna spit the realest [ __ ] i'm
gonna be serious with it i be so
imperialistic
cause it's king kind
every day i'm gonna be the emperor i
dictate your mind yes i'm winning the
ship you're gonna see me every day i'm
gonna build an empire with the priests
that's a fact homie with the gold homie
it's an empire hold up what we doing yes
i'm going to bend fire with the love
that we inspire in the people yes we
aspire to be getting to everyone around
globe and true gonna want it every
second they be watching all the things
that we be providing and you're gonna
know that i'm gonna be providing
professionally vibing let me tell you
that i'm spitting you the fine [ __ ] i
kind of gonna be getting in these clouds
on this drive store it on your mind as a
memory a kind i show you that not tuning
in to me is so detrimental now i'm a
detrimental with the incremental type of
sound as i'm spitting you the being
essential vibes in your rhythm yes it's
so interrelated as i'm gonna spit it yes
i'm gonna be turning through the pages
and i'm gonna be getting all these
thoughts so interrelated on the [ __ ]
free like connect the code to the way
encrypted you a soul and i know i'm
gonna do it every day i'm moving through
the lyrics yes i'm gonna orbit long like
pluto and i know that i blew your mind
up with the true flow yes i'm balancing
never catching two l's in a row it'd be
challenging
to be stacking up with you so much and i
know that that's [ __ ] of the what did
you want in your life with the way that
that concentrate around yes you know
that the conscience is before i'm gonna
be every day with the way you spit it
inside your mind do it easy do it
[ __ ] difficult find a coat find a
different cold yes you know we be
shaking up you know i'm going to vote
[Music]
damn what we doing you know that i never
bluff giving you the truth right now
they be saying tough kind to do this
every day i bluff y'all
[Music]
thinking i'd be moving certain ways we
be doing this different home yes i'm
going to birth the phrase off the top of
my mind and you know i'm going to serve
it in a different way in the label maybe
soup you know that you're gonna label me
the dude who'll be spitting you the
[Music]
uh how we doing
ll coming through the human dictionary
shout out dmitry od i feel like i
haven't shouted out chatting
at least two beats
but they've been really inspiring in the
lines they send in the sentence that i
send in the rhythms in my head never
silver i just get gold yes i'm stepping
one two three on both and i know i'm in
the booth one two three show the proof
every night with the lyrics that go
knock knock open doors
in my mind gonna expose my soul whoa i
show y'all that i'm penning you the
tables in my mind i'm searching for the
data and i'm able to sequence all the
lyrics yes i find it up on sql
never gonna be impenetrable if you're
stepping up to kind with the sharp mind
you know that it's gonna be off top
smart with the rhymes i do what you know
that i'm touching on the screen and
you're gonna see me
so appetizing as i'm gonna be on your
apps i'm rhyming you the things you
wanting yes i'm feasting on the beat
they gon be feasting on the freeze kind
spitting
incomprehensible as i find time to find
kind inside my head and soul i tell you
it's so inexplicable how i found all the
rhymes you know that i'm never gonna do
it over simplify but i'm not gonna do it
over hard you know over complex when
they don't got sentences in their
[ __ ] head making sense you know i do
that lot of time but it's cool cause
it's always sounding sweet in the rhyme
and the flow that defined and i spit
this yes the english gonna be my
linguistics so you know i need to try
this be simplistic but the rhymes
overflowing in my head man i got the
answers to the code and the stacks that
overflow you know that i'm gonna do it
hold up what we doing kind got a lot of
hot rhymes save a dot con all upon your
dot com i tell ya that i'm gonna slap
these lyrics yes i know i'm cooking it
it's looking fancy gourmet with the gory
type of phrase hey may want another
lyric this is vicious how i say
yes we sold
dope flow
oh no yes i need to involve all the
people who won't tune to the dairy so i
throw hold up you know that i'm going to
bend the greater flow spitting you know
that it's so sophisticated khan gonna do
this yes i'm going through through the
net every day sounding really swoosh
yes i'm gonna wrap the patterns in my
mind it's scattered yes it's all the way
to saturn hi how you doing yes they
spamming me with comments cause they
should cause i'm spitting you the good
type of lyrics since i'm cooking up the
food hold up what the kind it's name
this up on the line and i'm gonna
structure one more rhyme you know that
you trust that the dude is gonna be fine
so i need to go adjusting the flow when
i'm spitting your dope every day
be so infinite with the flows you say
i'm gonna be giving it to people inside
of the line yes i become pocket of fun
so iconic
[Music]
how we are we how we doing
is this stream working i hope this
stream's working because on my end it's
amazing just looking questionable but
i think we should be good
i think we i think we good
i don't remember this be let's try it
hold up you know that i do the
lyrics that you're gonna know you want
it
kind
[Music]
alright you know that i'm gonna go
deliver you the dog lines that gonna get
you addicted yet the river gonna flow
they be on their beds yes i'm dreaming
on another flow night light gonna be
shining now they're screaming cause the
monster gets the constant gonna get up
in the line yes boogie man there's a
speech of all these boogies man
show you that i'll be a burglar stealing
all your time yes it's gonna be tiny ah
you know that i'm gonna find the
kindness you know that i get your
highlight
every day you know i find a focus yes i
thumbs up yes or no i'm going to have a
rest in the line just incorporate a line
in the logical yes i go the corporations
of the rhymes yes i'm going to build a
business yes you're going to witness do
that every day you know there is the
[ __ ] mission you see the vision
actually it's inside the con and the
team that you're going to see right now
every night all night long on your apps
on your youtube yes you might go on tick
tock facebook yes we go strong every day
you're gonna get the lyrical the flow in
your mind i know that i'm a spit moji
i'm gonna do it right at 6 40. it's the
time that we on right now with the fly
to the song right now and you know
that you're gonna wanna flow
that the dude is gonna throw to you oh
he done though that you're gonna want in
the
world kinda gonna spit you off the floor
no one spitting you the things you gonna
be wanting damn i'm catching all the
lyrical the things i'm thinking yes
you're gonna see knew what to needly
tune into the lyrics he gonna be
speaking off the heat yes it's gonna be
carrie perez inside of the scene
respecting me for the grinders i'm gonna
be flipping all your mind yes i'm
kicking you these rhymes and you know
i'm gonna spit it every day i'm gonna
predict i got the scripture yes you're
gonna be seeing me living my religion
it's the life inside my mind every day
i'm gonna give it ha how you doing it's
the god it's the god speaking to the
gods on the line let me tell you that we
feeling really live legendary to the
cemetery with the rhymes i'll show you
that i'm gonna do it get it free in my
mind do it for the legacy in 180
thousand years they gon get a beat from
the guy inside the ears that's so crazy
to me you gon see me
speech amazing treats you gonna no one
going through the mazes in my me yes the
blood is in my mind going to thinking
really right so i need to find the
puzzle pieces make it look right yes i
got the picture yes i'm going to go the
picture a better future when the dude is
going to [ __ ] feature a better tune
up in your mind i'm going to get
delivered at each and every day yes it's
on time confines all the rhymes it'd be
prime time kind
[Music]
the line better check that out cause
it's always prime con every time that
the kind find the time to spit around
now i show you they just fit the
situations of the flow they spitting in
your brains kind doing this and
switching through the nets hold up you
know that i'm going through the internet
hold up into this into bets that i'm
making on the guy yes i'm going to been
invested inside of the time they're not
spending yes they've been choked cause
the output always coming from their
inputs i'll show you that i'm going
through my mind connie's gonna flow the
rap the scary freeze got the vernacular
got the vocabulary
hold up what we doing you know that
you're gonna want this beat and you're
the virus every day i got the options
yes i'm feeling tropical inside the
storm the topics dropping droplets fly
[ __ ] every day the options and my mind
won't stock inside your mind to find
myself looking at the people on all the
lines every night know exactly what you
want right now it's another round from
the guy who got styles really free spent
the time yes it's so expensive got the
wallet fatter with the pocket that i'm
changing hey how you doing just to say
that i'm feeling really brave cause they
don't do me sad you're closing the
flames uh what we doing
how we doing this
[Music]
great beat great beat no hate i just
have both an omega bars
stranger flows
uh and a freestyle with that beat so i
can't i can't be using it that often
is my rule
[Music]
because like
[Music]
what if i go off right now on a beat
that that already went off right now and
i'm gonna show you that i'm thinking
about a lot of things as i'm doing all
the spitty things i'm thinking inside
the line let me switch it back to
comment section yes i let it fly if you
quail man yes i'm gonna surround you
with the x's on the calendar that imma
go and sail and stay rap say raps hold
up what we doing yes i say that think
i'm gonna get some congrats no but i
[ __ ] up though need to study all the
flows that i'm splitting bro hold up you
go on the transition with the rap wishes
that i'm spitting yes the sand sifted
every day as i'm going to spit a quickie
[ __ ] up on the beat yes it's looking
very sticky stanking they face gonna be
so lit g as i be testing them like lit
miss man you're gonna know i'm gonna
spit you all the littleness inside of
your mind yes i do position the lyrics
and the composers that i'm getting to
your soul gonna get it looking really
right i
360 with the quick spree of the kills
and i do this every day i'm freely
climbing hills in my mind yes i'm gonna
be exploring the education yes i missed
it from loreman hold up what we doing
yes i'm gonna spit some different
everyday kind do it like it's big pun
i'd actually didn't think listen to
enough big pun to know exactly how we
did it son so need to study up you know
that i'm going to spit it yes i'll bump
you up you'll be wanting now yes i'm
going to lift and sift up in my mind
drive cruising yes i shift and drift i'm
going to hit drift
hold up shrifty with the way i'm going
to spit it like it's ricky and morty and
all he gonna spit your the flows free i
flow your lyrics yes you feel it in your
thyroids hold up what we doing's flexing
like a steroids and you're gonna see me
spit the rare noise every day yes it
always the rare choice well done with
the flows i'm cooking in your soul hold
up what you gonna want from god get up
in the lines that i'm to find each and
every night you know that i'm brewing
you the lines you know that you let it
be well imma be the best beer yes i'm
sipping on the flow you gonna say the
chias everyday khan spitting you the
race raps in this tracks every day you
going to [ __ ] space plan couldn't hop
the hurdle god thing popping words is
going to circle in your mind you want
another word from the guy imma show you
that the rare free is going to be cold
slipping on the road like february i
tell you that i might got the time to be
getting really plural with all of the
lines that i'm sending to the cities now
and the [ __ ] rural areas inside your
mind i do it with the raw behavior ah
tell your dad i'm gonna be scaring ya
approving you the lyrics every day i'm
scary bruh the rarest stuff gonna blare
up on the blood that i'm thinking all
these thoughts in the dictionary of the
kind i'm a dude there's no comparison to
god comparing your delirious yes he's
sunning all these rhymes like the
sunshine king kong gon reign on his
storm's in this line he's fine
how we doing
oh just be bumps
we're doing a little bit of
trappedness
i'm gonna give the beat a slight boost
man i feel like the beat needs a slight
boost
let me tell ya that i do a true uh
hold up yes i steadily invade now i find
myself inside ovations when i do what
flexcon gonna be seeing these people
clapping at me as i be spitting you the
answers i be just thinking inside my
mind khan is gonna tragically speak you
know you lifted tonight as the dude he
mastered the freeze you're gonna see me
sift out the lines yes it's magic b i
won't go spit the books inside your mind
do it tactically so strategic with the
way i'm seeping in your dreams i'm
creeping reaping rewards hold up what we
doing each to own but imma speak those
imma tell ya that i'm gonna rap this
word wet kind you know there's always
practice that makes perfect i'mma make
it permanently fire never temporary so
contemporary rhymes coming out your mind
coming out my mind something feeling
right
every time you rhyme how do you know
that i'm never gonna fail hunting you
down like a quail man shout out to to
the guy but when i'ma just spit around
no survival tonight i'm gonna need spit
around yes sir i'll revive all the guys
hold up you're gonna want another the
flow that i be doing yes i'm high up on
the logic like inedible we move on
holder got it done can't be the monika
i'm gonna do it give you all my mother
comes do it one mother come high yeah
i'm gonna do it like
some college on the rhyme with all the
lyrics that done killing got the carnage
on the mic you're gonna see me as you
better call it carnage when i rhyme
you're gonna get it i
tell you that i'ma been this hopping up
in your mind i do press record
all of the things you want to witness
yes exclude for my soul hold up what
what we doing yes you see the flows i
throw inside the lines it's my tailbone
in
to the dude's flow oh he gonna spit the
stories get the thumbs up kinda gonna do
it great no never got the time to
repudiate the things i'm gonna do it yes
i'm spitting your gratuis fate
gonna be giving you the tips yes i'll be
spending you the seconds yes
sometimes we blended get so ahead with
lyrics be headed yes i'm gonna tell ya
they don't wanna spit fly kinda's gonna
see stars light in their faces with big
vibes and i do flow the freak i see novy
and be on the line and you know that it
gonna be what you wanna see you know
that imma do this every day i got the
top freeze yes i'm gonna kill your
sickness like a
[ __ ]
curious sickness like the medicine when
it's snuffy
god damn it bro
how we doing
[Music]
got you dimitri
i figured it was that
but i also like doing an ode
to how i'm gonna od
[Music]
on the
dmt hold up i forgot i
let me try
[Music]
ah
let me tell you that i get it
inside your mind i'm learning the words
like tana bridge could you spit the
definition in the comment section so i
can be blessing you with lessons that
i'm testing yes i'm testifying hold up
you know that i'm flowing fearing inside
the lines every day i'm gonna see my
engineering yes i'm fixing on it like
it's engineering mechanically just
texting you the free reason that i'm
gonna do it yes i'll be the guy who's
speaking so just listen to the textbooks
that he gonna be writing down upon your
minds kid yes it's gonna be khan academy
every time he teaching you a free whoa
hold up you know do it cool every day is
what i'm gonna do for but you know that
i'ma just do it got it connie's gonna
scare ya yes the ghost rider hunt in
your mind i got your skull on fire homie
yes i'm on my motorbike on my drive
wheelie as you see me acting silly
uh do it millions of times yes i'm so
resilient with rhymes and you feel me
going to be squeaking clean wet cracking
glass yes i got your squeegee blood it
up you gonna know i'm gonna flood you
what you wanted yes i'm so above the
people who don't want it now they don't
want it now let me tell you they don't
flow when you iconic style i spent the
time in my mind to just figure out how
i'm gonna be living in the rhythm with
the lyrics that i'm going to spit up in
you
[Music]
show you that that doorway jump free
for the umpteen time they gonna bump me
[Music]
hey what we doing is to say what you
needing every day with the lyrics that
you needing right now hold up you are
talking so well spoken oh the oven
cooking yeah the heat you're eating in
the kitchen better get out i'm gonna
make hell freeze with the lyrics that
i'm gonna belt can't surpass me it's
uncanny that they can't be thinking they
could get it better than me i'm out of
ordinary it's so extraordinary how i be
spitting you the lyrics never normal
with freeze i'm going to do it you know
that i'm doing it so dilatory kind of
wasting time putting in the flow free
time and you know that it's so dope in
the lines when i'm sitting in my soul
yes i'm gonna be seeing all the wickets
now i'm begging you through the sky yes
i'm making through the sky kicking down
the field goal
hold up you know that i'm hurrying it
kind spitting your fast flows and
looking like blurry vision every time
that i'm spitting your dash lines
outside my drive yes you gonna see me
bump a tune hold up what we be doing
smoke a bone yes i broke a bone and my
mind would not be cracking ankles in the
zone yes i'm gonna be spinning yes i'm
getting to the hole hold up off the bank
i'm gonna be swishing to your soul
wishing for another intuition from the
door who be spitting you the situations
that he proves ah proving your mind i'm
gonna stare this line inside out that my
mind is going to be sent out to erica
eric or saying hey yeah boy i'm tripping
you know that i'm going to take the flow
i'm going to be ripping yes i'm going to
do it yes they going to harass me cause
i'm never going to be so embarrassed on
the bash g what we doing you know that
imma take the time to spit the vinyl
classic yes you know it's going right up
through your spinal con gonna do the
fire tactics i be fixing all your bones
do a chiropractic
[Music]
introducing you to action never knew it
gonna be so iconic it's kind gonna hop
inside of his mind defined in another
pocket i'm gonna say that i'm never shy
shaken up with the people tuning to all
of this fire shine like star yes
corrected yes i'm gonna blast a hit in
your mind and never
lyrics in my mind the lyrical adjustment
that i'm doing yes i'm living in your
rooms kid yes i'm giving you the who is
the dude who don't got time to be
sending love to snoop you know that i'm
with my dogs every time i spit the truth
i show you let them make your roof poof
through the proof every day as i'm gonna
break through khan
doing this i'm gonna get it pure yes i
do it everlasting so ephemeral hold up
yes i'm spilling you the wet sins every
day like you laugh like willie nelson
damn imma tell you that i do the rap you
like khan gonna do it so immaculate nah
show you that i got the time to strike
down inside of your mind with the rap
and you're gonna want it yes it's so
iconic don't know what laconic means but
you know i'm going to let the conic be
the drop that that be getting on your
mind as i be condensing lines with the
condensing mines every time with the
rhyme now i show you that i got the
blasting bars yes the credit of the kind
he the mastercard spitter yes i show you
all my cards got the deck away you're
spending you my thoughts i'mma tell you
that it's never pending now yes i'm
gonna have it yes i'm getting to it send
it love it out to dallas yes i'll be a
maverick yes i'm horsing around with all
the flow on my course to go down as one
that goes like the dildon [ __ ] she be a
dinosaur swish yes you're gonna see him
switch situations dish every day i'm
gonna do the hit freeze khan gonna
tell you that he spit it and you know
it's me yes he gonna continue legacy i'm
from the whitskey i show ya that i'm
gonna find dumb thoughts in my mind and
my physics feeling quantum i'm gonna
quantify the arms in my mind better cut
out all the whacks of the balls when i
rhyme and i know that i got the dog
said the balls and
[Music]
hold the hold up you know that i'm going
to referee the dumb kids to the
referendum of the lyrics bumping
imma show you that the beat being killed
homie yes you gonna look up the kill
homie while you're doing that
couldn't do a ball hold up let me get
official in the line yes the lines are
so beneficial let me bend my mission in
the lines inside the vibe you're going
to get it twisted hold up what we doing
this a beat genocide as i feel it in my
jeans yes it rocks me side to side and
you're gonna be saying oh
hold up what we doing soul
different with the lyrical
things i'm always gonna do ho
sahu song on the flow yes i'm gonna do
the greatness jumping with the happy
smiles got the jubilation who knew
that they drew in phrases drawing
greatness hold up what we doing spit it
lifting your mind with lyrical prolific
thoughts that gonna be getting in your
why are you doing that i had to ask you
know i saw you know
it was highly questionable behavior
[Music]
hold up
how are we feeling it'd be 20 people on
the scene youtube do you hear me
[Music]
let me tell you that we gonna be feeling
really fine now
encouraging to see the duty turning in
the lyrical the drive now
really easy have a handle lamborghini
with the raps bro
ah
you know that i'm gonna do this yes this
bird with the phrases g khan is gonna be
on a roll quick like mercedes g hold up
let me put my [ __ ] on mute what we doing
yes i'm on the stream can't be getting
all the vibrations getting me distracted
from the things i'm gonna be rapping out
to thee peace to rick gessenberg on
scene yes he tuned in to me speak for a
little bit g appreciate the homie
spending his time appreciate all those
who's sitting in the line just tune in
to the flows that be going through my
mind khan always going to break through
the fourth wall hold up what we doing
yes i know y'all going to see me find
flows every time i'm on the beat i'll be
like i know i'll be telling you i'm
going to strike for you like it's likey
and you're going to know i'm going to be
sliding in your mind i'm gonna be
slicing yes i'm rolling all these dices
so enticing with the livers yes i'm
gonna slice and dice them like the lice
i'm gonna be aching off the top of the
line
show ya
that i got em buggin
tellin you i'm crawlin through the
lyrics yes i'm going to do the rapper
frea one mo makes it kinda like it's
catalina ah tell ya that they burn a
twist of the flows up inside the
brackets and the tournaments i'd be
winning gold now hold up what we do now
yes you see a flood even into sand dunes
cause kind gonna do it never gonna
desert a tone flooding all the deserts
with the flow i'm gonna spew kind
showing you won't go and flow great
thoughts in my mind kind of frying you
like potatoes hold up you know they
don't gonna flow poor you the taste for
flow up in your soulcon showing you that
they go toe to toe yes i'm winning pot
of gold at the end exposed you how i be
feeling feeling share with the boy i'm
gonna be sharing my flow with all the
people who see
you gonna do it yes i'm betting that the
kind gonna be winning in las vegas
stepping on
[Music]
oh my god you know i'm going up on free
flows yes i hit the jackacon at the
casino when i speak though it's in your
mind and i gots to wrap it kind healthy
kind of like a pasta salad i'm stealthy
telling you you gots to have it in your
mind i'll do this just to spit the
phrases kind of do it yes i do the
equitation like the way you gonna equate
me to the reputation of the great freeze
con
hold up
[Music]
damn
entering the flow state you know what
the real estates are mine
finding new lands in the maps on my
[ __ ] drive that last
showing you that i'm gonna enter flow
stay dime inside the real estates of
mine every time i rhyme
[Music]
what we doing let me take a trip inside
my mind inside my smile inside my
mustache i tried to just show you
that i'm thinking like my life's a movie
let me paint your scenes i
tell you that i'm always moving in my
mind i'm gonna be growing up so clean
now
school was easy for me now let me tell
you that i'm moving yes i'm speaking
yeah my style was a quiet little child
never gonna step up to no wild type of
[ __ ] that was going down always gonna
step back observe what is going down
think about a little bit say a little
bit soft don't say a lot g but in class
you know that i'm gonna steady get a's
be nice to everyone that the facts hey
how we doing hold up let me enter in
this flow state
it's the real estate's inside my mind
building through the drives right up in
my mind as i'm strolling now in the
suburbs you know that don't wanna flow
free sending love out to all the dude in
skokie
show y'all that i'm living right
entering the flow state the realest
state of mind
show you
that i'm doing this rap this kind gonna
do it yes you gonna see him do it real
can did is i'm gonna find all the food
that i'm telling you and true frieza
gonna be hoping with the guys fives yes
we're gonna be winning all night long
winning live five in the road up but
you're gonna trouble your switch edition
switching situations
now i'm moving through the street now i
feel real free now
show you that i got my eyeballs open
wide who i'm going to be now
see you really clearly he be really easy
yes i speak the freestyle kind going to
cross over yes i'm going to get lost
over all the thoughts in my mind never
so because i'm living in the flow stay
the kind oh hey he feel divine every
time god be on the [ __ ] rhyme
show y'all that this real estate of mine
is i'm going to be growing all the
drives i'll burp with lines i tell ya
that i'm doing this i'm going to do it
conversing with the converse when i be
spilling saying hi to my life take a
trip to the back of my mind i'm going to
spit the memory it'd be the remedy i'm
going to inspire all the people to be
living all these dreams inside their
lives cause imma show them exactly how
the kind gonna rhyme where i'm [ __ ]
entering the flow state you know that
it's gonna go great hold up what we know
fates gonna be tested as i'm gonna flow
these lyric little blessings and you're
gonna wanna know he's
gonna send love to the people who'll be
chilling to the dude
[Music]
yo timothy shouts out
[Music]
that was dope
that was dope timothy
[Music]
hold up hold up let's get back to the
chat hold up you know they don't gonna
snap back to my thoughts right now as
i'm gonna wrap that hold up you know
that i'll be the law breaker
constitutional gonna make a jaw breaker
crack in your mind yes your jaw's
breaking cause it's gonna whack all up
on the ground every time i rap hold up
making contact i'm going to enjoy the
underground sound yes you find what ah
no one going to send them to the sewer
i'm going to skewer your mind with all
the lyrics i'm drunk on doors
cause i do words you know hope i'm going
to be the best the word of the flow hold
up you know that i'm gonna do it come
moving in it hold up what we doing imma
show you that i left flows and the words
and the lines got leftovers cause it's
overflowing with the answers yes i got
the stacks of the rhymes just encoded in
the lyrical thought it's inside my mind
i be tripping you the truth save my
[ __ ] mind i'll be showing you i'm
going to birth the flow like it's
motherhood and fatherhood i'm going to
[ __ ] up like the lyrics in my mind hold
up you go no you know that a flow mode
yes i do it for a lifelong mode it be 22
people seeing me switch your other
lyrics yes i got the energy hold up
blowing up like a supernova go up to
your soul step through the floor kind of
do it yes i'm going to pain curl yes i'm
going to be like novocaine word yes i'm
going to sweet like the sugarcane word
what we doing just to spit the [ __ ]
brain words off the top of my mind yes
you're going to want to reverse rewind
he's fine he odd a different type of
lover honest with the promises i'm
making never compromising on the rhymes
ah showing you i got the kind in my mind
so i'm gonna be doing fine i got lights
in my house in my mind and they shining
on me as i'm hitting stream on the live
and they tuning in to me a camera that i
had to use differently yes it's logitech
instead of sony cause the sony didn't
work and i was like hold up what we
doing we be starting really late with
the words and i was kind of like
tripping out i'm gonna be fixing yes i'm
spitting with the sound is the audio
finder we just start up on the acapella
and i didn't even know it was doing that
right there hold up what we doing but
it's quite rare cause when the beat is
cut off i'm gonna still sound clear in
your souls hold up just deliver you the
code stick the road type flow yes i move
real fast
you know that diamond song every time
i'm going to spit it yes you're going to
see me spit the rivers of the flows like
in amazon yes you see me get up in your
souls yes you're going to want a song
from the dude who'll be doing this you
know i'm going to fly to freya thoughts
from boston out to nigeria
tell your dad to shoot you with the
lyrics got you with my scope now i puke
you as i comp you through these codes
that the might spew who knew that the
dude always gonna move
on spaz looking like his jazz as he
gonna improvise the rhythm in the
[ __ ] mind you're gonna know it's
synchronized inside the different type
of levels in your mind to be like lava
yes i'm breaking through the earth with
all the heat that i be spitting in the
fluid at the birth hold up
[Music]
[Music]
what we doing yes
[Music]
let me go and show you
that i'm gonna never edit huh through
the letters just connected really clever
yes you're gonna hear it sounding really
poetic oh hold up you know that i'm
gonna get that rep raps every day never
see a setback imma set your settings
back back the way they need to be right
now yes i'm at the sea right now seacon
go quite wild at the seashore i might
sell you all these lyrical excellent
words i'm gonna be so ascended with the
words and i'm sending press and enter
yes impressing you with words
showing sadly that you need to step up
her
game i be never failing main i
gonna move in your mind i'm gonna
prevail my main i'm gonna
merry game every day see the veil name
number
do this
for this
cool kid who gonna do [ __ ] off the top
dreams living lucid sometimes i be
feeling all this movement it's every
time better hit up on a rhyme with the
guys who'll be tuned into every rhyme i
show y'all that i'm spitting you the
rest i tell you that you know i'm never
letting you on standby i'ma stand with
the lines in my mind and i know that i'm
gonna go expand all the things i'm doing
yes is one take out my mouth every day
i'm eating fast food like it's take out
you know how imma break it fast every
morning with the greatest rats that you
tune into that's fast hold up
showing you i'm going bump sway everyday
the underground sound subway oh yes i'm
making sub bump a different way
kind never could be substituted with a
different guy you know that i'm spitting
you the lyrics that you lied i show you
that the lines so subliminal now as i be
spitting you the lyrics since i'm
feeling quite wide i'm gonna do this
[Music]
how we feeling in the room right now
would be 18 turn into the great scene if
he ll if he might hell if he who
on the line when i do songs i show you
that i flow free in my optics i be
seeing stories vision stoneys tune in to
me but i need to flip that twist that
rap and i flip fat laps every day time
showing you i'm gonna be kicking yes i'm
gonna do this yes i'm freestyling in it
swimming
showing you that i got strokes for days
you know that i'm gonna provoke your
ways
what we doing is to spit the words they
feeling free i gonna do it yes my legacy
gonna be just living so eternity
eternally
switch it me you know that i'm gonna
build a village b yes i'm breathing yes
i'm breeding you the lyrics it's the
population hearing me as i'm gonna be
popping evolating with the freeze i'mma
[Music]
move inside your mind i feel high with
phonetics in my brain never do it dash
no hyphenated phrase i'm connecting you
the cursive type of letters and
dispersing you the lyrics that gon run
on in tracks that i'm word and kind
[Music]
do it really fine i'ma show you that you
needing to be hopping on the lyrics just
to find a pocket it's a crocodile the
space outside with lyrical face that i'm
a stank right now you know like outside
like outside my house around the globe
when they find cons so alive from the
line hold
20 people next econ every day yes i get
to these extreme levels
inside my mind i'm going to let it blend
do it every day to 20 with the
excellence i'm gonna let go of my mind
and i gonna get inside and let the echo
every night tonight tell y'all that i'm
gonna spell y'all the lyrics that they
tell y'all gonna always be prevalent
hold up i know that they'll never fail
with the quotes khan gonna be getting to
your mind upon to say your boat
you know how i'm gonna be rocking yes
i'm gonna be waving oscillating options
inside of my brain i'm gonna sign it yes
i'm finding lithographs i'm gonna be
right and on your mind it's gonna be
crazy every day i say these there is
that be screwing up your mind i'm
twisting you're the lyrics that you're
gonna be fixed and now i'll be mechanic
on the line yes i'm always on my drive i
need a screwdriver homie
spinning you're the classics yes i'm
getting in it kind of gonna tell you
that i'm always flexing in it crazy how
i do it limits feeling so infinite
adding series of the letters every day
and spitting you the math is so entitled
to be sitting in the rhythm in the
pockets and the knowledge in the lines
i'm going to be living hold up
do when you know that i do the truest
there is i'm a fitting in the flow i'm
on the newest i don't really know what
that is i be the new with all the words
they're gonna be sending me i'm gonna
peruse it inside my mind yes i'm gonna
be choosing my net definitely hurt
tomorrow cause then go back with the
flow that i got for you it's never
sorrow as the time never borrowed i'ma
show you that i'm gonna do it today it's
every moment with the weight and then
[Music]
inside my mind turning made up on the
logically [ __ ]
meditate upon the logic that i'm turning
[Music]
i gotta put this empty water bottle away
how we doing how we doing you know that
i got a lot to say to all the people
who'll be tuning to the things i'm gonna
think i'm going to show you that we
always on the brink of gonna
always on the brink
of fighting in this rink
[Music]
yes in my defense i just do this every
day so you're gonna see me speech
another phrase up in the lines and
speaking easy pro with the way i'm gonna
make you take a bait bro come on gonna
do it yes i'm secretly just say flow
that gonna turn you up you're gonna be
twisted on the liquor that i'm spitting
you know that you're feeling sick
showing
[Music]
that i caught up caught up on a beat on
slicing yes and tyson there is water
water
to the who feel the funk now piece it
right together in the lyrical chunks i
know that you're gonna find a flair
lyrics in my mind every day you're tired
like a spider web you know that my
rhymes are wet yes connected step into
your soul i'm gonna be swimming in
inside the lyrics
you know it's so impossible but to find
it i'm going to do it it's my mission
it's the way you're feeling where'd you
let go all of the things but all the
rhythms and all other thoughts up in
your brain and you know that you're
entertained that you'd
before and you know i'm gonna belt your
flows you gon know that i held it out
inside my mind cold freeze every day i'm
seeing these opportunities it be easing
to be seasoned when i'm leaving
me the obscene be extreme stainless
never gonna be scratching me it seems
yes i'm feeling patches with the lyrics
yes i get a flow in your mind in your
eyes through your retinas bro i don't
know what radical means but i'm ready to
[Music]
we're doing just to say flows words
going up they twisted in my mind yes i'm
owning it i beat a stakeholder be the
only one though high stakes i'll be
roller hold up what we throwing on walks
i'm a stroller i'm going to grow the
baby to a dope word i'm going to do it
relatively easy so familiar with the
freezies just to [ __ ] it up it's easy
now imma tell ya that i do this yes i'm
gonna do the rare phrase yes i'm gonna
bloom out the vase mankind gonna do this
every day i always maintain through the
steps up inside i'm climbing all the
staircase i'll show you that i'm gonna
say proud lyrics off the top my mind
about to your state house i've been
talking to boston so my state is
massachusetts so i'm gonna amass the
lyrics that i'm choosing get into your
house
what we doing yes the boss fight every
day i be slicing up the lyrics yes
you're gonna see the kind spitting in
the starlight yes i'm going to grow yes
i'm rocking your minds i'm going to do
what you have to do with likes to the
tights i'm going to tell you that i got
to show you lyrics i'm a foster gonna be
the hottest i tell ya that i bump
toons right up in front of their minds
now they running yes i'm going to be
hopping kicking yes it's three-legged
like a kangaroo i show ya that i'm
spitting you the fixed eyeball type of
lines like a glass eyeball better not
get the rock in your eyeball bro cause
your eyeball done cracked and i know
that i flow you the dairies in my
minecart going bumpers see you near half
as clearly get the sun burn from the guy
who'll be shining in your mind bright
light every time that
reticle is the center of the gun
that's
i really am happy i found out that
definition because i like to use inside
the scope
[Music]
ba
[Music]
scenes that they bouncing
[Music]
this announcement hold up what we doing
you know that they're bumping fine every
rhyme that i spit they need to underline
they need to highlight cause the rhymes
gon hide yes you know that they got a
lot of thought in the way that the
thought of a phrase off the brain yes
it's raining kind as he drip thoughts
all up in his brain sitting on the
throne i'm an air tool the way i air
[Music]
hey how we doing really smooth on the
line hey how we doing yes i'm choosing
the fire that i'm gonna be spitting now
i'm pumping you the blood ride them
through the purple hearts i'm gonna
smoke on the purple hearts i know that
purple i'll be getting really sparked
i show you that i said this kind
watching me on netflix
maybe one day homie you know that don't
gonna get this manifest this man the
festival couldn't be bumping harder i'ma
show you that i'm spitting bestest every
altar hold up yes you know the books
i'll be the author yes i kind of put the
pocket every time i alter show you that
i'm on the king's quest never playing no
game i'm on the conquest i show you that
i do it yes i'll bust the position just
i gotta die caught of me juxtaposition
[Music]
who gonna see me [ __ ] spazz out you
gon know that i'm gonna do word stuff in
your mind just spit into your firma
don't know what that is is that fear ma
like business in turkish yes you hear
what i be thinking when i'm reading you
the words i'm going to be building
you're the business it's absurd that
i'll be sitting and observe all of the
lyrics that deserve i do deserve the
people who won't see me word a [ __ ]
verse you don't know that i'm gonna wrap
this kind going expanding side is mine
yes you're gonna witness this expansion
pander to the raps up in my mind they
gonna demand the commandments of the
kind you know the continents you know
the global rhymes that i'm sending out
to
all the continents i show you
[Music]
this and i might pin this on your mind
impending all the doom every time i'm
spitting rhymes hold up
rip mf torn with the multi cellies yes
i'm gonna do the [ __ ] realest yes i'm
gonna do it silly yes i'm gonna feel me
kind showing you that he be free with
the easy spit my bra i signed the
signature i might just spit up your the
lyric in your mind i'm getting drunk
like it's gonna be absolute as i'll be
spitting you the math solutions of my
[ __ ] mind hold up
[Music]
oh we got a beat request
jaco
knows what's up yeah we we were rushing
on the intro to the stream i didn't even
comment
we just did
okay okay
see all the cold yes i best install the
programs out to [ __ ] wesley hall who
gonna see me throw raps off my dome it's
gonna be mental yes i'm going
this crazy all the lyrics yes i do the
flavor
cooking you the lyrics rhyme accumulator
got the spices yes you know i'm gonna
dice this yes i'm gonna chop this
it's in the pot here pot of gold with
the way i'm cooking alchemy aroma flow
wow
mix the lines up in my dorm con got the
mixture yes i'm finding in your soul i
show you
[Music]
always 4 20 somewhere i got to go smoke
talk and i know that i'm gonna go
provoke your soul to just go on the line
flicking to the stream
feeling dope with the team now you just
be spitting your freestyles he'd just be
making them all the
people now they be like damn how you
doing that with the sweet style that you
gonna do ceo with the sweet style yes
the c-e-c leave me see inside my mind i
go inside the lyrics are tied to spit in
your mind you're gonna want a lot
[Music]
homie let me tell you that i do mad
sweet homie yes i'm going to find time
to pursue the happiness up in my mind
and i show you
[Music]
that i'm spitting you the potion
and i'm smoking on the pounds got about
seven of them tripling up lucky now with
the sound
[Music]
showing you the thoughts up in your mind
now
watching movies frame by frame got to
know
[Music]
me it's jason smith got the super chat
the beginning
it'd be 19 people who be grinning
yo that's that's a new go to immediately
be grinning and beginning
immediate
top of the bag
i should check out that channel i will
[Music]
how we doing youtube
we got a different camera today but we
got this new t-shirt that i kind of
[ __ ] with
extremely colorful
however
it's like ik
economy
got the like trippy nike it's just
different
i was like i want that
um but also it is a bit much
so i could i could totally see that too
[Music]
let me show ya that i'm tempting fades
every time i'm lifting eyes you know
they elevate to the rhymes you know the
entry gonna be late cause i've been the
dope god with clever traits hold up what
we doing just accept him to be the
bestest with lines in the sentence yes
there's no
[Music]
tell you exceptions that spit the flow
acceptance
you know that it's gonna be temporary
with the whack flow never that
accumulate a lot of time on the fat flow
and not do it continuously with the
rhyme that i'm gonna be added to the
area so integral in the five i show you
that i'm gonna find time to just call
the beat up inside your mind i'm
electing you the lyrics that i'm gonna
spit got the flexibility inside the
lyrics beholder what we rap about if
animals are ascension or whatnot yes i
got to show you that the worst thing
that i could think about immediately is
lobsters tied up in the
cage you know like aquariums i don't
wanna make lobster restaurants
that's the worst [ __ ] like hold up you
know that my arm's locked down i be
quiet acting wild yes you know i got a
lot of homies chilling right beside and
you know i'm probably gonna die but i
don't know i know why imma tell you that
i'm spitting you
what i'm thinking right now hold up now
we're gonna be hand taking me as you
know i'm gonna be leaving all my mans
and my fam and you're gonna see me spit
it as i say that he gonna be dropping me
hold up that be heat hold up what we
doing that be boiling cheese don't be
throwing me up in the lyric
don't be throwing me up in the cauldron
b what we doing are you cooking up a
potion g what you doing man are they
gonna eat me i don't know but i'm going
boy yes i'm gonna drown i'm gonna go and
die and i know that they'll probably
enter in your mouth fancy with the way
i'm gonna be feasting you the fly flows
damn
[Music]
could it be cleaner but you know i'll be
proceeding on the lines i'm gonna do it
yes i'm gonna intersect this kind gonna
drive all up on your intersections kind
got em crossed with the t's that be
setting inside the sentence and you're
gonna know i get this thought in my mind
yes i'm gonna i save a dot con on your
fly
on your hard drive hold up yes i'm
getting painted let me tell you that i'm
getting wet inside the sessions i be
telling you develop you the lyrics and
my mind is always spending time with
sounding so expensive but i know i want
to spend it what that's what i do
instead of getting better in my mind i
need no pencil i just need my mental and
my vocal cords feeling so essential and
i know i'm gonna spit it on the rhythm
and i get to different type of levels in
my mind i'm gonna bled you bleed through
lyrics and i lead you through different
type of sweet truths in your mind spin a
guy every day yes i'm gonna be in your
eye
see the wise kind flow improvise i know
that i'm swinging live
king kong gonna be lying in the jungle
now
[Music]
how we doing
to the 20 20 20 people in the line
yes you gonna get it really different
[Music]
[Music]
hold up
[Music]
i'll be proving you that i'd be carrying
aches like some ibuprofen
at least [ __ ] are you the chill pill
yes i kind of be the potion
[Music]
what we doing yes you know i'm slightly
acting stealth now they don't really
know about the wealth of my thoughts in
my mind you know that i do it with some
health now and you see me cook up the
recipe and he be spinning cds off the tv
know that they want to see him on the tv
if they could g what we doing g you know
that i'm going this [ __ ] or all the
rest on the con don't do it yes i'm
leaving in them jam garden ah cracking
ankles is some sham gardening don't know
what shambolic means homie you know that
if it's a different type word like that
that you might think i might know then
do just this just send me the definition
and i'll spew
the lyrical sentence that i'm thinking
it you know
they don't gonna do the truth lyrical
flow that you can want inside your
[ __ ] mankind do it you know that i'll
be lifting yes i'm wrapping toys and
thin my mind i'm playing with the raps
i'm flowing and you're gonna see me yes
i belt the flow i'm asteroid and rocking
out of space with lyrics that i'm gonna
be driving yes i'm gonna be screwed up
[Music]
got the tools to be spitting do the cool
stuff got the poetry the flow it seems
is growing in the forestry the dude is
going to be planting yes he gonna be
treasonous with the way he mastered all
the answers in the laws that i'll be
breaking and the laws that i'll be
allowing in my mind i got the
constitution
spitting you the lyrics can't be user of
his thoughts i'm gonna be so addicted to
the way i'm giving you the things i'm
gonna do i got to spit the kind of gonna
be so prolific with the scientific flow
it's kid who don't know it's him who in
the flow you know that i'm in my dorms
and hold up all day to a different type
of level guillotine couldn't be heard
like the dude did so can decon did
another flow i might spit the riddle yes
you know i'm stringing theories like a
fiddle bro breaking through your roof
holder yes i best be another lyrical
birthday and i breastfeed you with the
lyrics of the chest right now found the
treasures got the keys shined the goal
quite well got the map inside the me yes
i gps are free find it with the crazy
lyrics that i'm going speak he be
doing this i got it yes i'm heating up
i'm warming up so global yes i'll be the
climate yes you know the season that i
do define it inside your mind i'm gonna
be seasoned with the [ __ ] rhyming
whether or not they're gonna forecast
khan to be the hot spitzer off the mind
imma spit the rhyme i show you that i'm
going to yell for overcast holding one
with the [ __ ] drive
[Music]
con gone show
yes i'm playing around really yo up on
the archive you're gonna see your arc
mine like damn they got time to really
do a hot rhyme you'll know that you're
killing this beast building you the
chilling lyrics i'm a villain ah
i'd like to take that you know just the
low key vibe
[Music]
are we gone feeling really fine right
now i
[Music]
show you that i got time
see you know that i might bore through
your skulls never going to leave your
board but i be sold inside the
brainstorm drawing you the permanent
mark on whiteboard ah colorful with
lyrics yes i find the order in the chaos
of the thoughts that i be thinking in
the flow yeah gonna know that i'm gonna
do it for you
gonna spoil ya tell you who it be it's
gonna be conic in the movie frame by
frame i'm gonna show you all the things
i'm doing
moving yes up in the movement yes you
know i'm on it every day i'm moving spit
the free we making history every time
the goal is going to spit to free every
time let the dude under him spit the
free every time that another dude spit
the [ __ ] free on the stream yes you
gonna know we growing yes you know i'm
gonna be flowing yes we building all the
things they gon be doing on it
[Music]
con rap great shake up like a handshake
cannot know i know that i'm gonna demand
great miss up in my mind nestle in my
mind and i stand straight stand up to
the lyrics yes it's kind of d crazy how
i make them smile like it's comedy i
show you that i'm gonna spit the
freestyle flow deliver you things you
need i'm gonna tell you that i got
messed up inside my mind but you know i
find progress says i'll be a pro at
defined digressions of the flow mean go
request to me i'm gonna tell you that
they gon request me free i'm gonna tell
you i'm up on my quest i'd be upon it
yes i'm gonna move your side to swaddle
complete the con side quests on my mind
hold up
[Music]
not gon ever concede the lyrics to
anyone
motivating people who go on another type
of problem going this [ __ ] on my
tactics yes i'm bumping in your mind
you're feeling so systematic with the
assists in the rap kid yes it's
automatic with the tactics that i'm
gonna rap kid what we doing yes i'm
gonna be the raptors winning rings
scratch your clawing you're up every
night hold up kind gonna find why i'mma
show you that i'm getting in the lines i
tell you that i'm gonna spot a rhyme
like a leopard i'll tell ya that
you know that i'm gonna see me when the
couple rings like i'm landed now hold up
you know that they're spitting you the
lyrical things are going around singing
you're like quiet
ah follow your mind i'm gonna rock your
old school flows castle be kind fox will
be kind colossal with rhymes i'm never
taking losses to the people of top i'm
gonna show you that i'm at least gonna
be time you know i'm tired yes i'm
threatening you the sentence getting so
ahead inside my zen i'm gonna be head of
beats every day you're gonna see me no
one had to meet i'm winning in my race
i'm gonna be keeping pace with no one
else but me yes the competition be kind
signing competitions of the track speed
yes i read it in the fine print genius
i'm gonna be
[Music]
dedicated to be mastering me yes i'm
medicated in the meditation
i knew it was ending too though
that was unnecessary
[Music]
let me conduct your decomposition
i might bust through all these visions
yes they turn to me just spit in hopping
rhythms popping seconds coughing time
i'm gonna be kind
the pros and cons is gonna be that i'm
always pro when i'm kind
professionally cons with the
confessionals the kind i
[Music]
what we doing yes i got the flavor
subdivisions of the flows i see
denominators
really big now infinitely small with
infected highs and more
things they gonna flow
making one track every week every month
every year my bro
step up step up get up get up you don't
have a name yet bro
talking to myself you know that i'm
spitting you the best things you know
that i'm gonna
[Music]
yes you know i think about my kryptonite
is probably
the cadence is that i'll be getting lost
in every night
like the kryptonite kind in the rhythm
of the kryptonite khan when he live in
adam noble
i'll be telling you we're facing out to
jason as i say this amazing lyrical
phrase inside your amazing
i'm gonna do it every day i'm going to
flow you all the great words kind going
to be the rhyme disorganizator cause i'm
going to take the chaos make some order
break it up again and build it in
another flower
i tell you that i'm feeling dope right
now vegetables feeling woke right now as
i'm waking out the coma with the lyrics
that are done yeah yes in culture you
were tongues
spit your what you need in temperature
of
heating you the lyric mercury gone
through the bowl
and
[Music]
and condominium bro
if your real estate's up in my mind i'm
gonna be spitting you
show you all the layers of the shine
inside your living rooms
do this every day i rapper here feel the
rear of this dank face pissed off like
asparagus
classic all right there i got to
congratulate all the people who'll be
stepping up to me cause they mad and
they hate
that they just won an l right now w's
gonna blend every day right now
fly rhymes yes you see it in your eyes
spitting so free yes you're gonna see
kind lyrically be the god they ain't
stepping up tonight provincial with the
lyrics in your residential presidential
taking over all the games it's so
essential that you'll tune me on your
venue
uh
[ __ ]
we need like a
i feel like we need something
this could be
it
i don't know what we need right now we
need a little rhyme we need to
compensate a rhyme you know that i'm
gonna go up inside the line with the
lyrics actually i've been using a bunch
of words that they sending me anyway so
i'm gonna be photographers i be just
taking you the picture of these hearts a
word i'm going to never be fake with
beef no i know cauliflower
whoa
[Music]
hold it what we doing call i the flower
over the dope rhymes that i'll be
finding off my mind i'm going to wrap
your pillars up the con construct and
you're the rapping pillars in my mind
yes i'm crawling in my mind like a
caterpillar yes i said inside my mind a
lot but you know that's inside the place
i'll be above renard i tell ya that i'm
pulling levels yes i'm gonna be sending
through the globe of all the fevers that
you're feeling when you're hearing me
just spit the lyrics i'm ending b from
vegan
true is with the speeches i truly gonna
impeach this
king khan wearing gold crowns i'll show
you that i'm going to teach you what you
need and i'm spitting harder lyrics
every day you learn it like it's
kindergarten now i'ma tell you that i'm
feeling you the author the style that
done spitting y'all and it's autumn fall
leaves call the fall with the things
that to speak in the love and soul that
i feel when i speak you the things you
want every day i be getting rhymes
feeling really specialized i
tell you that i'll be moving in my mind
you're going to know will be the kind
take a rap chance at the flow always
gone in hands he been this yes he gonna
bend dance on here and you're gonna see
me prance on the rhyme yes i'm gonna say
dear khan gifted with the rhymes
what we doing yes i'll spit you all the
flames i thunk of con flipping tricks in
the gymnasium of the lines and i know
that sometimes i be singing really
nasally bruh but you know that i fix
that by taking breath out diameter hold
up diaphragm the words i be telling you
i need to answer terms of my mind every
day i'm thinking of the words and the
lines kind of gonna tell you daddy be
the dope is nestler you know that i be
investor inside the seconds that i'm
spinning yes i'm pinning you down i'll
be round wrestler
i might arrest you bruh with the bars
going through my cells through my dna
top rung i'll be climbing through the
buildings that i see in the line and i'm
going to be on a roll it be wheely day
on my unicycle on my only cycle yes i'm
going to be on the con cycle every mind
i tell your kind is always rolling
stepping hold up get in to your mind so
telepathic telepathic it's the raps that
i be spitting going to be getting in ya
bouncing on the rhythm bouncing all the
things spitting yes i'm going to tell
you how to flow my spinning off the top
and flying like a helicopter problem
going to do it yes i'm alpha with the
flow i'm gonna find time to go
alphabetize the lyrics that i'm going to
speed up in your mind every night hold
up i love this let's get the next beat
with this [ __ ] that he doing right now
ll gonna see if i'm gonna catch an l
alphabetically handing down
the words that he handing out
damn what time is it oh [ __ ] it's
already an hour 40.
first time i checked the time yes i'm
gonna have to stand up
kind to go throughout the states i'm
going to be so continental yes i'm
always going out to alabama and alaska
and out to arizona and now to our kansas
arkansas
so you might see the art conspits
get so twisted up hold up took an l
right there let's see if i get one more
let me flow for y'all to california
you're gone see me for to kick the love
in my [ __ ] beat up yes you're
gonna receive me now you can't see me
speak your lyrics you know that i'm
calling on the high flow i'm
gonna get high first in place like it's
colorado uh
[Music]
yo you dead i'm gonna do it yes i'm
gonna connect the flows inside the cut
now shots are connected right now i'm
gonna tell you that i'm getting deadly
yes beware of the lyrics that i spit
about the delaware ah
yeah let them go without the flow
and i gonna be the guy who'll be
dropping bottoms low like a slow rider
hold up yes it's red bottoms and you're
gonna see me stitch your other blessing
how the flows hold up forgot the song
that i'm thinking of apple bottoms on
the jeans and this booster flow and i
had to have to freeze and i'm boosting
your soul
kind showing you i'm going to spit the
flow out to idaho out to illinois got
the illest noise and i'm still employed
in my mind yes i'm working for me i'm
sending love out to hawaii
i'm gonna tell you lead them in my mind
like it's georgia shout out atlanta at
last i'll be spitting you the laps of
the flow just connected quickly on the
internet like it be land hold up what we
doing in your land i'll be showing you
i'm in the dan i'm in demand
yes they midway raps and i know i'm
gonna do this yes you're going to see me
stitch your other quickest facts i tell
you that i might die till i mention that
that be the hot rhymes in my dimension
in the con dimension condimented with
the spicy lyrics hold up you know that
i'm going to love you you know that
that's [ __ ] uh all the lyrics orphans
gonna be just cooking you the things i'm
doing got the heat up till like 350
pizza in the oven
show ya that i'm gonna be cooking up the
things you're gonna eat feasting on the
treats little speaking yes it's so sweet
never gonna desert around yes i do
dessert every line cause it
so
cray
zee
you know that i'm gonna say you're the
lyrics yes i'm merging free off the top
of my mind it's a state of emergency
when the beat plays like you need to go
alarm alarm you need to speak a flow
cause the beat is cold yes the beat is
dope yes it's bumping through you need
to flow he be the damn
it be going crazy you know that i'm
flowing lazy in the rivers of my mind
inside the blood that's going crazy
inside of the thoughts but my mind when
all the flow is going yes the beat is
bumping and you know i won't be speaking
something yes i'm eating what is going
through my blood when beats is bumping
yes i'm telling you lyrics off the top
of my mind i'm gonna be getting through
damn i missed a lot of words thought it
was done cause the chat was stuck for a
verse hold up
i'm definitely gonna go through it
ll in a different state of mind
you know
cause he feeling nifty never spit in 50
50 taking it all
put two l's together that's a double yo
shouts out marlin with the craft
show you're what wait the one yes i had
this kind of sending love from boston
out to kansas ah show ya that dumb gonna
spit the flow yeah gonna want up all the
way out to why yo wha
i owe ya another rhyme cause they done
throw all the state's in the line it's
the real estate and my mind is on going
through your neighborhood yes i'm on
your drive on your boulevard on your
street on your pocket in the line and i
know i'm gonna find the cul-de-sac of
all the rhymes cause i'm gonna be
winning wings when i'm always on my
drivin
show you're dead don't spread their
wings through the sky hold up yes i'm
gonna be mainstage every day that they
spit the flames up to maine man
be space and sweet hold up on the train
it seems i'll be on the contract spit it
in inside your mind out to michigan i'll
be sold rooted in my soul yes i'm gonna
peruse the thoughts in my [ __ ] blows
hold up you know dead i'm going to spit
a flow up to your mind yes i'm going to
be a wolf minnesota you know they're
dementor in your town yes i'm going to
be scratching like a cat on the sound
supposed to fade away off the bank with
the sound switch and step back with the
three going down what we doing you know
that i'm going to spit a quick free out
to lyrical spellings like mississippi
hold up you know that this is my society
society is i'll be spitting you to fly
lyrics to try test and kind your best
start
[Music]
montana nebraska
yes i'm going to do it new like
hampshire new jersey and i'm going to do
it new like mexico yes i'm going to flow
to your mind just about to carolina bro
i'm gonna be carrying the line just some
going across the line touching down
inside your mind up to dakota bro you
gon know fit the dude gonna do this know
why yoda i'll be moving in the flow you
want in eyeshots i told iowa one more
time as i'm going out to ohio they be so
high bro they saying oh hi bro what we
doing oh you'll be spitting all these
high flows though
going to do the okie doke get up in your
home shout outside oklahoma bro
showing you i'm going to find the ore
inside my mind i'm digging on the gold
that i be sending out to oregon it's
rushed with the lyrics that just rush
through your mind
[Music]
we gotta do it we gotta we gotta keep
going
gotta keep going this is beautiful
this is beautiful having a bar
having a bar for every state is
essentialized
[Music]
hold up hold up
where we leave off
what we doing yes and let me tell you
that i sending love about the
pennsylvania with no pain i'll be doing
this with no pencil i'll be causing the
mania with the head flows oh hold up
whoa you know that i'm on a roll i'll
land on your mind up the road island
showing you that i'm a flyer lyrical
divine out to south carolina i show you
that i go through oh [ __ ] caroline and
dakota came twice cause they be north
and south that's how i bumped you on the
compass homie let me hand you what
compass get lost homie let me tell you
that i'm spitting you extreme lyrics in
my flow i got my roster independent it's
the kind who just need no pain in it yes
he'd be so dependent on the flows he's
sending yes i'm going to be denting so
confident with the lyrics that i'm
sending i'm going to do this get a free
yes i'm going to get 10 out of 10 out to
tennessee a 10 i see i blender free i do
this b every day it's so mentally and i
know that i'm gonna find time to avoid
getting drunk with the word
get this con sending love to texas that
is nexus khan gonna connect this i'm
gonna flex this i'm gonna do rhymes
contour all
[Music]
you know that i got the bars in the
technology out to bar tech i'll be
seeing you yes i'm smiling too like your
emoji right up in the room hold up you
know that we're on every day i'm sending
love about the vermont right up north of
me i'm in boston so you know i'm going
to be your boss with a ton of flows that
i'm wording ya shouts out virginia as
i'm going to [ __ ] a beat up no virgin in
here sure you're dead i'm spitting you
the things i'm spitting can't telling
you it's love how to washington hold up
let me watch let me sing tons of clothes
up for you yes i'm gonna make clean huh
what are we doing you know that i got
the wraps i say winning gold every day
i'm getting accolades other raps i say
i'm gonna go and you hey cause i got the
equation yes i need to formulate all the
thoughts up in my mind i be socrates
with the things i'm thinking in the
mathematical type freeze that i'm gonna
calculate with ease and the things i'm
gonna think and i know i'm on the brink
of figuring out that the tendency to
expect something inside your life gonna
lead you down to a different type of
path get out get down don't expect too
much homie don't judge too much homie
let me tell you that don't be the one
and only we'll be thinking things i'm
gonna be thinking yes you know that i'm
entering a ring yes i'm shaking up with
dude like let's go chill while we
getting into all this violence my bro
hold up you know that i step to the best
west virginia gonna see me get to this
the words i'm spitting in your mind you
know that i'm gonna converse with the
people on the line too what's good ll
it's michael well you're gonna see me
might as well just spit love to y'all
pisces well i got the mandela effect as
i be spitting you the lyrics that be
dwelling in your heads man how you doing
homie yes i got the west words for ya
yes i sway you easter west words for ya
every day yes i'm going to lend love to
west virginia hold up let me move on you
know did i win when kahn sings con
sending things to wisconsin and i'm
getting whiskey
drunk with the way the con sips on the
let me
catch up
about see the wrist bounce see the fists
look at the wrist yes i'm gonna stick
right up in y'all
hold up what we doing just the flick of
the wrist gonna do it every day i'm
gonna be sticking the switch
through the net you're gonna want it
connie's gonna say i didn't know vnb yes
is the best i'm gonna send you the text
i got the context for all the lectures
in my head i'm going to teach you can't
be professor other flows inside of his
mind just expose mo
had this hit inside my mind i'm smoking
on the weed like it be cannabis i know
why can't it
any arguments like can it
let you smile yes i'm pining for a bomb
yes i'm growing off the ground sweet
like a pineapple hold up you know daddy
twisties there it is you're hot and
you're drunk on the whiskey and the weed
that's a double w let me tell you that i
spit you all the trouble tuned taxed
with the flow they don't go on rats
cause i spend a lot of time you know
that i'm connecting you all of the lines
just investing you the vibe getting
through your mind kindness going to sign
all of the documents are kind i'ma show
you that it's monumental now in my mind
inside my mental yes you're feeling how
i find time to go inside the lyrics that
i'm going to spit this you know that i'm
getting in your mind you better witness
that i'm going to do this why homie
cause i be fly in my home out to y o
[ __ ] hold up why the owners gonna one
day build the wires that them going
through it's fat with the way you're
moving really super through the wires
through the sky it's instant how they
see all of my rhyme words hold up you
know that i flow greatness it's my job
to be fit into this vocation hold up
online on location i be the guy who got
all flow phrases hold up you know that
the word bumps in your mind con always
overflowing got a surplus other answers
needed a plus hold me on stack overflow
got the stacks overflowing in the code
of my mind just the lyrics gonna show
you that i'm gonna bend or speak you the
intro or the con bro yes i'm going
really mental this still the intro you
know that we been dope but we need to be
though for another year then
tonight
damn i got coming through i think i did
all of them though i'm gonna show you
that i got it lyrically just bumping you
the things you're gonna be wanting hold
up what we doing feeling dumb i got the
voices off my mind just i'm gonna
sharpen the
options of the lines i'm getting two
katanas with the swords that i be
slicing through my mind hold up that
don't make no sense but i'll be telling
you i'm spitting you the best
bet you can't barely get any light with
those noses you'll know that i'm
spitting you the mic to your quotes and
you're gonna find me striking you with
poses every time i'm gonna be your
liking to a goat with the rhymes i'm
gonna fold yes i'm gonna be dedicated
yes i'm gonna do it yes i'm dead in
phrases every day i'm getting embedded
inside my basement and i know i'm so
addicted to the lyrics that it's off the
attic you know that i'm gonna be off
thematic
awfully manic they gonna panic taking
action never that kid they be sleeping
on the dude who gonna be leaping on the
true true true true i'm training the
tracks of the kind gonna be signed
spiritual what you need now hold it yes
you're gonna need to see the guy doing
really easy now you know that a rap for
sport i'm going to send it to your mind
got the rap transport yes your import
con as i export rhymes it's a dawn load
on your flow the hard drive gonna be
getting through the countries bump me
kinda gonna
you know that i'm gonna be spitting you
all the things you're gonna be wanting
to see me do what we doing yes i'm gonna
get up inside your mind i'm going
connected wirelessly global like antenna
you see a tenra when you see me the
things i'm going to speak of been dumb
hold up you know that i'm gonna do words
yes i'm building cities all up in your
rurals hold up
gonna do it yes i got the fly flow never
feel anxiety when i be floating got the
stress management variety
hold up what we do when you know that
i'm going spaz con going to
trumpeteering divide like it's brass
hold up you know that i'm going to blast
you the high note got the melody and you
know i got the mellow free yes i'm gonna
be a deity and abandon the lyrics right
together in band you're gonna know that
them gonna command the rhyme inside the
raps you're gonna see me yes i'm in high
demand i'ma supply the lyrics i'm a
pride open all the lyrics never needed
no plot a pie pie rustic oh no did them
go and find stuff inside your mind
confiscating my mind what hold up
kind forsaking all the rhymes in his
mind you better see me confiscated with
the rhymes and the lines you've grown
all they've been flowing you the
hold up you know there to find the
wasting time of the people yes i'm
feeling quite tasty cause i'm gonna be
eating it up i'm gonna spend the seconds
that they not be doing what they gonna
be need to in the sentence and i know
[Music]
me i'll be setting you the terms of the
service that the birth every day you're
going to want to see me kind see it to a
distance yes i might do your worst with
the lines every day you see the
binoculars couldn't see as far as the
kind i'm going to connect to the
different vibe in your mind universally
omnipotent you know that i'm gonna be
seeing every inch of all the soul that
i'm [ __ ] breathing so you know i'm
breathing all the energy that can
connect out light years from all we
i guess
yes
if that makes sense
this is one of my favorite beats
[Music]
because the interaction that i had on
this video was just amazing and smg is
coming through
yes you gon know
[Music]
this unrequited love
do the game love me i don't know
[Music]
on the friendship though
[Music]
let me tell you that i'm never going to
be quitting love of game every time that
i've been the spitter but the phrase in
your mind yes you be requita
hold up
got something in my eye i might just go
divine with the godly top lines that the
father in mind i show y'all that i'm
gonna be the guy who gonna spit you all
the energy i love the game spent a lot
of time on the things i say yes i know
that you think that that just started
last year but that's not facts here it's
the only thing that i did off top that
yeah but you know that i did a lot of
flows like the thoughts in my mind going
loudly off the
memorized bars hold up let me catch it
in the line let me send love to the dude
try and do do a whole song on unrequited
love about the game cause he through 10
but you know sometimes that misses me
you know that you can't be dismissing me
you know that the momma mission g love
the game does it love me i don't know
let me pluck a flower blooming yes i'm
looming in my essence shining brighter
every day do we see me i don't know i
find another sway in my mind yes i got
the time to show you that i'm still
spending this energy is the game me or
is the thing that i need to be different
than what i'm feeling in the rhythm when
i speak i don't know but you know that i
need to search me yes you think you love
yourself but do you really do you know
who you'll be every second that you're
living free in your mind is the reason
that you need to live your life but
you're doing all these things that gonna
make you quit the time in your mind
you're gonna be so distracted when
you're gonna sit on your abs kid
[Music]
talking to the older me as i'm bolder
with the freeze just exposing you with
ease all the things i'm gonna think you
know that i'm gonna find time to make
khan you're unrequited see me
[Music]
show you what you're wanting yes i got
the greatness kind it's gonna be rhyming
yes i feel like it's my obligation
[Music]
getting wet up in the flow you gonna
know i'm going again but on my life i'm
gonna be degenerate with flow now
[Music]
r.i.p r.i.p to those we lost g it was
just october 8 2020. you see
[Music]
let me tell you that i'm gonna rap clear
yes release the tension yes it's
untapped here with potential then i'm
spinning exponential that i'm lifting
all your minds you're gonna see the
components blend in
of course of course i tried to do my
best on the unrequited love bro
i tried to
i don't even know what's going on in the
comments
what is going on ll
oh man we're two hours i was a little
late though so you know that we're gonna
go for maybe one maybe two more beats in
the line bro and then we might go
to oh
over time if y'all want bro hold up smg
coming through regardless anyway my g
you know that we gonna talk about the
family
hold up hold up hold on hold on hold on
hold on sorry we're gonna do family
reunion because smg is a [ __ ] monster
concert the monster gonna show you what
you wants bro i'm gonna talk about
family reunions
um on
a beat
of
my choosing
hold up hold up
all right all right
[Music]
they survived though they survived
though yes i got those lyrics got more
thoughts inside yo so you want more of
the combo yes i might go hit a combo
what we doing yes you know we're feeling
really fine cause the whole family
chilling with the [ __ ] viva show yeah
that is going to be family friends too
yes you know my cousin's going to send
me love up every day yes i'm shaking up
we be kids growing up finding out what
we love finding out what we want finding
out what is stuff yes you're going to
see me jacob with the cut yes you gon
know that we talkin bout a lot all we
gamin all we goin now i just got to want
different ways up in my dorm when i'm
tellin you this stuff and the uncles and
the ants always givin me the love yes
i'm turkish man so it's always big when
i'm gonna reunite with the family yes
i'm gonna say truth in my mind you know
that i'm gonna be like a brother to my
cousin every day i'm gonna go and flee
to a second home of the kind you know
that i'm spitting you the dope of the
rhyme showing you that i'd be so
familiar with guys across the globe
every day so i empathize a lot with the
people who be living in the different
type of situations and you won't know
i'm giving you the [ __ ] greatness
that i'm thinking and that's why i be
speaking turkish too hold up mad half of
my dude yes you go no they don't saying
though thoughts in my dome yes i'm gonna
be entering my soul cause this smg who
just threw 10 it be yellow online
feeling my love on my jab it meant low
am i switch
every [ __ ] night when i'm spitting
you this rhyme smg let me tell you g i
be feeling so
so miraculous g
[Music]
hold up what we doing you know that i
test this connie spitting fluid inside
of his blessings imma show you that i
got the flow rapping coded over
encrypted in this code programming oh
hold up time going to just got some
thoughts yes i'm talking fast you know
i'm going to be just selling you the
auction all the rhymes i never tried to
just tell you that it's gonna be one two
three sold to the dude who be tuning in
lost connections with the people you
know that we got a lot of lessons to be
learning when we saying hi never said
bye to the people that was once part of
our lives it feels i
[Music]
reunion with the family he's just using
had to be the best type of thoughts in
his magically see coulda did it better
the guy who's spitting yes i'm stirring
you something got curriculums bumping
yes you're learning something hold up
what we doing
yes i'm turning all the pages of the
context books that i'm saying off the
top yes you know i got the competitor
struck as the kind gonna pet the word
make it so don't mess together home with
the words
yes i'm gonna be emergencies and a's and
b's and all the abcs that you're hearing
from me it's gonna be emergency every
time i'm versing you this heat hold up
oh we doing versus me you'll be taking
all its seams cause i'm so essentially
the best at scenes with sentence that i
breathe breed you the lyrics yes it's
gonna be beaded like necklace as i read
the thoughts up off my my heart how you
doing yes it's smg chilling on the line
at checkout with the entire grocery list
but you're reaching to your pie get him
you forgot your why
let me tell you that you need to take
out your phone and do the apple pay
cause that's what i had to say yes you
know i'm gonna be like damn what i had
to do all right apple pay isn't
connecting credit card gonna be declined
hold up what we on i got this whole
stack of things that i'm gonna do i
might let a call to my wife and be like
can you give me your number of the card
other credit be like sorry let me get
you one maybe two maybe four times four
number sixteen like the verse is that
i'm gonna spit man and then you'll be
entering in you pressing buttons my man
and then we buying it cause it can
connect
it's something wonderful how technology
gonna work
sfg with the whole
thought processes
in my mind you're gonna see the county
gone do this never gonna concede the
rhyme i'm gonna show you that i'm gonna
be seeding lines up in your mind yes
it's gonna be treating this one kind of
spiritual
lyrics can't never be a disadvantage let
me tell you that i'm feeling all the
love from the dude that's smg you're
coming through with all the stuff that
i'm gonna be spitting yes i'm gonna be
reaching in the pocket change and i got
the range of lyrics that i'm
doing inside your mind hold up fill with
it all the rhymes do what it is every
night you know that i'm gonna be flying
high inside the environment of the kind
of tide my mental every night i'm going
to be viral as i'm entering your mind
just enriching with the seconds that i'm
pouring on the baba hold up you know
that i'm going to do the fattest lyrics
every day i'm smiling got the enthusiasm
to be just spewing all the magic every
day i'm gonna tell ya that i'm gonna
experiment with all of the chemicals up
in my mind i got a chemist bro he gonna
cook up all the meth my bro it's gonna
be breaking bad you know like heisenberg
i'll be high when i send word yes i'm
gonna be deep like an iceberg only see
me when i stream there's so much more
you know khan is so deep i'm gonna tell
you all the ceremonies as i'm gonna be
just telling you river flow freeze hold
up you know that i'm gonna say your
greatest lyrics khan never got the rhyme
regulation never reggie with the flow
kush pushes your soul to a different
lifted level in your mind my bro hold up
you know that i'm gonna sign the flames
inside your mind never see your kind
resignation i show you that i got the
words they flaming every day i got the
rhyme flow interpretation in the
movements that i'm birthing and i know
i'm getting greater every day i'm going
to build the house i'll be the renovator
holder you know then i'm going to spit
the wax [ __ ] away trash that yes it be
relaxation when they tune into the
particles inside the articles that i'm
gonna get with posts who participated in
the flows whoa yes i'm going to god's a
speedy composition you the no opposition
type flow you're gonna wand up in your
heads hold up congo negotiate that he is
the best cause i'm always spending time
never could take time from the kind away
from khan so you know it's on borrowed
time when you saying hi
lend it to you yes i'm going to make you
feel fine
[Music]
shaking up with people who gon partake
in the rhyme and this part takes a lot
of time up in your mind when you
practice you the hard phrases up in the
line at the top of the mind and you're
gonna connect the flows yes you know
i'll be a majority with a free cause you
know that i'm individual with way i'm
going global with the free i show you
that i'm gonna tell you that i got no
component that be broken bro i see no
opponent to do this i'm poking in the
tune yes my face gonna be straight as
i'm showing you who the con is yes i'm
showing you all of my cards aces as i'm
serving you the lines between the bars
you can spit a few bars to king los
shouts out smg
i appreciate that and i will do that
because you're making me feel me so
loved with the
fat
donations that you
just splat
on the comment sections that's a fact
i'm just trying to
find a beat that i'm a rhymer
i think it is the timing
to make this the last beat though you
know
that i'm going to spit about king lose a
little bit
and then if you
don't let me end with the love you'll
throw
with blue super chat in the tune
then i'll go continue for the overtime
you'll know that the dope have been true
type of flow is coming through my mind
i'm going to sing flows con gone be
golden on the focus king lows taught him
how to put the words inside of a
different puzzle inside of the letters
using all the lyrics yes embezzled you
the lyrics khan is gonna tell your daddy
never settle yes you know i'm tossing
pencils yes this off the panel off the
mental man i tell you that you're gonna
see me spit it off the hot on
instrumentals yes it's so instrumental
that i'm using all the lyrics yes i'm
stirring you the flexes that i'm doing
when i'm borrowing you the lyrics that
gone value yes i'm gonna show you that
i'm gonna pepper your mind with lyrics
yes i'm teaching lectures how to cook a
rhyme hold up what we doing fun with the
stuff that the dog gonna do look at all
the layers like an onion when i'm a cook
hold up you know that i'm spitting you
the lyrics gold crown like i'm king lost
hold up never been lost found my mind
you know that i got to tell you that
dumb line king khan in the jungle every
time i rhyme yes you know that he done
inspired me up off the tongue and he
always wrote the craziest things when he
felt the blood in his brain go through
the thoughts that he gonna drop on the
page with his pen and you know you're
gonna bump all the things that he said
and he gets a lot of love from the game
cause he tied all the lines and the love
that he find in his mind in this pages
he's right hold up what we doing
[Music]
barter coming through you know i'm gonna
bark at you i'm gonna bite it too it's
five and ten it's coming right through
i'm gonna tell ya
that i'm gonna show you that i'm gonna
do the flow you're gonna want another
one i'ma tell you that i'm a bar yeah
yes i got technology yes i do bargain
every day yes i get hard to freeze
hotter the lines yes you know five
coming to y i'm gonna see that i'm never
feeling blue when they gonna send me the
free
style your love up in the chat i'm
feeling super yes i do yo what you want
inside the true wraps
eating dinner eating supper eating lunch
i'm breaking fast with all the beets i'm
going to dunya holder what we do we're
never done i'm going to be clear you
know like it's post nut and you thinking
really clear cause you just got what you
want off the chest or off the way i know
that you're gonna see me never got no
time to waste i just do it off the waist
and you're gonna see me spit it and
you're gonna know that i'm spitting you
the lyrics that you're gonna know that's
vicious and i know that i'm telling you
that i'm taking retro and i'm gonna show
you
but preena
energy is also essential cause it gets
you to a different state of control
inside your mental so you need to think
of what you're gonna do when you're
gonna be just getting off dude
do it with some thought do it with some
mindfulness like everything you got to
do in this world you're going to see me
spit the lyrics yes i got to get inside
of my mind i'm at the pinnacle of pineal
gland up in my mind kind of showing you
i'm opening all your third eyes with all
the word flies that gone
go
in your
mind
oh no
oh hold up when i'm like
i just want to get into like an actual
like studio
not that this isn't one
[Music]
i just want to link up with like the
[ __ ] producer in the studio for like
two days
i feel like that'll be fire i feel like
we get crazy [ __ ]
that's how i feel anyway we got the
super trait chat train true true going
through as we got five coming through
from bartek and ten coming through from
smg dude should i just count smgs as the
second overtime so i'll spit on another
beat and then if 20 comes through in the
next two beats then i'll get 2-3
see what i be doing it be synchronicity
up in the lyrics that i'm sinking in the
vicious free that i be thinking g up on
the brink of me you know i'm going to
bank it off the park when i be hitting
freezing though i'm blunting
something different he be getting
jumping in it crazy how it's north and
south with the dopest sound that he sway
your east and west yes reside in your
[ __ ] mind hold up rewind the guy move
you side to side twice khan gonna show
you that you so enticed in the line you
know that i'm gonna word you lather you
the flow's wet soap like a rather term
only worded it only float with all the
words inside the rhymes that i be
thinking in my head didn't make no sense
sorry for about that bartek yes i'm
going to tell you that that's spit your
flows they sounding wet this is junko
who expects how to flows from dude i bet
get better with the way that i'm always
going to exist inside my mind hey how
you doing man i be feeling really low if
i'm just getting couple flames you know
every day you'll be tuning to me just
saying that you're feeling great as i
feel the energy elementally feeling all
the l's i'm handed to the mentals that
be thinking they'd be thinking better
than me i'm gonna show you i'll be the
fly dude got the e and the i at the q
show you examples imma do this imma do
it kinda do saying that he ruled this
with the tunes killed yes i'm tuning
driving on your car hold up what we
doing imma tell you that i'm bumping you
my mind what we're doing khan gonna go
behind his mind with the steam that he's
smoking off the top with the fire that
delaying down the track one time blurry
lines nothing that you'll be seeing
inside khan cause they do it really
clearly so divine with the things you
need in
manufactured with the way you're gonna
need me to be manufacturing the lines up
in your mind you know i'll be the rapper
that just be the factor that you need
and yes i'm compounding with the freeze
that i be speaking so
interested how the interest grows never
interesting when i spit the flows it'd
be so intriguing as they think they on
my team when i be speaking different he
be in it khan gonna tell it inside your
mind i'm just gonna do the rhyme
exhibition i'm gonna exhibit him get
inside the lines i'm spewing cons
teaching you the truest [ __ ] it's
constitutions of the laws that i'm
laying down lay down with the way that
i'm gonna say sound lay low with the way
snoop dogg and nate sound the words
inside the beat let your walk now yes
you going cool too
who choose to do the lyrics off the top
of my mind i'm going to abuse toons he
gonna say hey how you doing mine yes
you're gonna know that that kid lay low
like ravitan rayvon
hold up
rayvon or rashadvan hold up you know
dead i lost my mind
speaking you the loud if he's 16 people
who just tune in to me sound out words
off the top of my mind feeling proud
extensive with the tension that i'm
building in the message that i'm sending
and releasing every second nah
yo we got one more beat
oh this one's crazy
um an orange chat we'll continue with on
on the ot on the true true train see
what we doing i'll be speaking through
the things you need and every day you're
getting to a different level now hold up
what we doing yes i'm cruising through
the streets when i be speaking you the
secrets that be going through the sound
hole but what we doing yes i'm building
you the roads i'm gonna be feeling
really dope as smgb coming through now
this is orange on the road that'd be
crazy bro you'll be throwing all the
love that you'll be feeling in the room
he be coming through with like five tens
maybe six maybe seven i don't know but
then twenty gets all up on the scene too
yes he gonna give me truth yes i'm
feeling really dope and you're gonna see
me quote all the things i'm gonna do you
know i'm gonna say freeze damn you know
that i'm gonna be in a battle like daisy
i show you that i'm gonna wrap you what
you say he's gonna be moving every day
see yes i won't be moving yes it's gonna
be new york battle now you know daddy
gonna be the dude who'll be like mentor
to the god but they now found out that
they did something that one did not like
so i don't really know the whole story
but dude gonna write down all the tracks
bro and you know that them won't speak
words through your speakers you gon bump
out the track name the third from god
cause the ether jay-z he words all the
things in the story and he beats true
and they learned that the door didn't
really want to do anything with the hate
that can do that can go down alright we
be moving you know that i'm speaking you
the truest type of movements in my mind
you know that i'm gonna tell ya cool
[ __ ] off the top jay-z with the flow yes
that i'm gonna tell you yes i lay down
on beat you better get up to a different
level dude he just giving you the things
you're gonna be wanting to do yes i'll
do free
that i'm doing yes i'm going to delegate
it to your mind i'm going to get it
greater khan is going to be the smile
delegator i'm growing a greater your
mind yes you're feeling so fine as i'm
going to spit the cheese in touch miles
hold up bro what we doing go up bro dope
bro yes i'm wrong put the fire yes the
smoke on the rhines ah wanna hear khan
spazz on these shack rappers and tonight
you can find me dunking like shaq yes
i'm in the post couldn't stop me yes i'm
getting in the post and i'm fading away
maybe mix it up maybe get into the dunk
in your brain when you gonna step up to
me who be dude who'll be lifting more
than me no one yes i'll be the swifter
god too you know like old shack we'll be
cracking backwards down breaking you the
glass ah hold up yes i'm going cheers
spitting you the things you need smg
literally sponsoring me i'm gonna be
pondering me every night you're gonna
see him
hold up is the chat on your scene like
not the actual chat it's beats make it
funky what's going on
oh my stream is hold up
what we do when you know they don't go
on safe flows my stream on my end is
like at the beginning of chat i see
jason smith blue super chat when he
first sent it on the [ __ ] freestyle
i'm like damn that was long time ago
that's not what they should be seeing on
the rhino bro so i better check it out
so i better slow the flow down so i
could think about another route to just
move on but then i figured out that
there was no problem at all there wasn't
any answer that needed solved
yo smg literally you're going crazy my
man i really appreciate you homie
um the love is so real
um we got one more beat because my man
smg going crazy
uh it's been over to uh well over two
hours at this point i guess not well
over
you know like
10 to 15 minutes over
right is that well
it's well with the well done flows that
be rare as i'm cooking you
hold up we just did this we just did we
got to get back into the b playlist
we got to beat request actually hold up
bartek going through with the beat
request let's do that
this this whole segments
oh jonko i saw you late but bartek beat
you anyway
oh my goodness
smg coming through with 30.
with 30 on the
blind god
damn
smg is going crazy
so miraculous
such a miraculous glow
[Music]
send more gripes while you're going
complain
[Music]
hold up hold up hold up hold up what we
doing you know that i got the time to 30
coming through i guess that's over time
too
next time what we do
[Music]
this [ __ ] you all the flows you wanna
kind in the morning after she wants to
get breakfast but you are trying to get
her to leave oh hold up let me read that
again
shout out to the girl who'll be chilling
with me last night
that's my wife we gon get breakfast but
she doesn't want to all right
hold up this
so no hate no hate my man um
bartek
but the beat just didn't hit
the beat just didn't hit i'm sorry i'm
so sorry
but i need to be honest
the beat needs to be you know
everybody's talking about the good old
days right
hold up hold up hold up
hold up
[Music]
the morning after and she wants to get
breakfast but you're trying to get it to
leave
that's crazy because my wife right now
is exactly the opposite scenario my chi
we just woke up she was like or i was
like should we get breakfast she was
like yeah but that was like the second
night
i guess
[Music]
for the second time but i don't know but
i'll let it fly in your mind you're
gonna know i'm gonna get into twine but
you know that one time when you just
woke up and she be on this breakfast
type of [ __ ] but you're not really
getting that type of mindset you know
that you guys wanna hit it and quit it i
know i've been there i can't do this
every day and i know that that's few
this don't do that every day but you
knew it's kind of in college as he knew
that he'd be vibing but you know i kinda
always wanted to settle down but you
know how it is in college it gonna get a
little crazy with your thoughts and get
messed up in your head whoa let me tell
you they don't spit in you that's all
that's up in my mind but let me get to
the story on my mind right now can we
get to a different type of way she wants
to go eat
breakfast but you know i got class sorry
send her away send her pack and then i
go in stop my bed i'm sleeping for
another couple hours it's the way it
goes homie yes i got to scholar my mind
to be living right yes i'll be the guy
who'll be spitting you the things that
you're going to want to do inside the
lines you need to stay like two hours
cause you'll spit all the hardest the
styles you know it's as empty with the
soul wet free that that spit to the mind
every day my g yes to spill you all the
rare freeze yes i'm gonna be getting so
come back to fight the military as the
kind going to bat it out the [ __ ] i'm
killing games g yes it's gonna be game
three and i'm winning it be 3-0 you know
that there's 100 percentages of chance
that i be winning if we playing ball so
hold up let me sweep 2-4-0 yes i'm
sipping 40s to be celebrating rings my
dude you're gone no that that's probably
not what imma do but you know it fit
inside the flow so imma spew mo khan
spit you the lines yes his whole
characteristic that he be fire and the
no one spitting you the english that is
not spinning on your mind time don't be
spinning vinyls all night long i show
you that i'm rapping greatness this the
rhyme flow let the examination
ah [ __ ]
oh my god i don't even know what view
we're on we're going crazy
um
it feels crazy to say this
but if a pink
super chat came in
then the session would go one more than
this [ __ ] be but it's either way i be
feeling blessed cause they wanna hear me
test all the mental type stress that i
be getting so
i had to bro you know that the
guillotine i do be had to flow you know
i'm breathing through my gills as i be
swimming through the flow and i'm
growing old never gonna be pre-teen bro
but you know
that i'm gonna be tier one as i'm on the
frontier to confront one
who the god in his mind it's the kind
let me figure out how to be spitting you
this rhymer know what to be
lyrically the guy who do this every day
that you're gonna want it i'ma gotta
spew it yes i'm gonna find the time you
know i'm gonna get it quicker kinda do
it till you get this [ __ ] recognition
imma just show you that i do all the way
you'll freeze every day yes you're going
to see reality over the god gonna be the
fire that ain't gonna be speaking to
your mind every night it's wi-fi
ah
hold up you know that that fly free con
is gonna post it on your story live on
ig and you're gonna want it yes i'm
spitting so enticing nicer with the
lyrics cut it slice it yes i'm dicing
rolling you the dice is living can it be
a paradise inside my mind it's so parent
that you'd like my rhyming cause i'm
doing this at birthday yes i plury
rhymes in yes i make it pearl when i be
vibing hold up what we doing you know
that i'm worried and you the fly [ __ ]
birds are with advice kid you know that
i'm gonna be bird with the circle of the
world's cold in your mind as i'm ice
fishing you will flow whoa you know that
i'm gonna flow you the burning thai flow
that just earning the time in your skull
cause i'm edging the memory of the
people who gone test me with clever
phrase that i'm gonna do
hold up here do what they do and they
gonna be saying me too i be feeling dude
cause they speak a tune really
differently yes i spit these lyrical
freeze do what i bought this kind is
gonna be getting to lyrical supermarkets
hold up you got this i'm gonna be
marking you with darts i hit targets yes
you're gonna know that the connie bite
embark
[Music]
at your weight and fall yes i break it
down this disambiguation of flow hold up
he be coming through with 40. you know
that i need to flow for the g this is
smg i'm going to test best freeze you're
going to get wet freeze up in the lines
that they're spitting yes i test meet me
you gon know
that i'm gonna go one more for the dude
who gon not see me slow
cause he going crazy
with the 40 and the 30 and the 20 that's
already 90 and he threw like 10 10 to 10
to 10
but it don't
go unnoticed told me you know that i'm
going to be focused on my lonely and my
mind i'm going to show thee that if you
could put in time to be whatever you
wanted then you could be willing you but
you know i know that a lot of people do
not got the time so they gonna want to
watch other people on they rhyme
all they do not got the vocal to be
spitting you the rhyme or they do not
got the letters to be giving you a bomb
or they do not want to put in time the
ethic of the work that they be getting
to be getting in their heads is going to
be going
different holder let me show you what
you need and you know what the world
universe is growing into it's gonna be
so insignificant if you thinking about
it
universally
[Music]
you know that we gon connect it's the
best way to detect where we really at in
our soul you know that you need to get
so astrophysical do some mushrooms homie
hold up yes you need to think a little
different yes you need to blend the
colors blend the text up in your head
you need to go and go detect the way
you're going to check that that's the
thing you're going to think about
so you need to spill it loud you know
that i'm going to see the sound yes i'm
going to take a pill yes i'm going to be
chilling with the guys who be making me
feel proud what's the universe is going
to grow up to it going to be the things
that we do in every moment yes you need
to see it yes you know we'll never
figure out what it really is you know
that you're gonna need to get inside
your mind maybe if you feel so divine
maybe you'll find out maybe when you die
you'll find out what it's all about
maybe through the universe you're gonna
be flying and you'll find that you like
this route better but you better find
right now bet the two living through
your life cause you know it's only when
you got what your soul gonna do if it
don't remember who you are if you don't
know who you are by the time you die
what you're gonna do yes you're gonna
regret the whole life i don't know but
you know that they think about that a
lot so i'ma do what i got to do to just
stop the thought process in my mind and
i'm progressing through time all the
aggressions are the thoughts right up in
my [ __ ] mind i show you that i might
bless you with this [ __ ] rhyme
universally expand infinitely with my
light you know that it's every year yes
i'm gonna do it weaken it every day i'm
beating it it's weak and we thought when
i'm gonna spit it yes i'm gonna weed out
all the people who could not be
interweaving thoughts up off the top on
the rhyme
[Music]
tell you that you're going to want it
now you're going to find the style
you're going to see me bounce wrap me
inside your mind you're going to want it
sounding outstanding physically so
beautiful i'd be so portrayed in this
the pulses of all the scripture that i'm
spitting in your heads is gonna be truly
vicious kid what we doing yes they stink
gonna be telling me i'm putred with all
the stupid [ __ ] that are spitting in the
dumb lines hold up now con gonna love
y'all
[Music]
shout out to the dude chillin with me
fly
it's the 14 on the line and it's smg who
done sponsored the whole live so
shouts out to the guy now you know that
is about to end up over time now cause
you know that we caught the [ __ ] dub
now let me do a quick little raw cone
now on the next beat
but i do want it i do want it very very
we can do this
on like a slow boom bad jazzy
[Music]
steve robinson every eve i'll be robin
son
you know whippy con time as i'm gonna be
doing rhyme recon and you gon know that
you need to rewind me khan is gonna spit
your other lyrics in your mind hold up
and you
gonna see me every week nine i'm gonna
speak now write it through your speaker
[Music]
c khan hand an l to you i hand an l to
your that's two l's to the dude l ll in
the rule maybe stony vision if he jonker
johnson nippy who's psalm 87
shout out to smg the sponsor of the
stream shout out to bartek and dirt who
don't film me spit a lot of rhymes and
i'm going to speed do the fire like an
ambulance on a beat he's gonna be
feeling thankful as they see me speak
the great sweet treats in my mind peace
to the peace so don't tune into me speak
through the things that i'm chilling in
my mind every night all right peace
peace bye bye you're not dead i'm gonna
be really [ __ ] fine my mind when i
speak i'm gonna keep on posting little
[ __ ] freeze of one beat up on youtube
scene so keep
following me i got a dope omegle
stranger flow session for the peeps too
on monday
that's the new cadence that i'm trying
to maintain man
but we'll see you'll know that i'm
spitting you the lyrics and i'm free
peace to the people chilling into and
they listening to me
envisioning me
oh [ __ ] smg
oh my god
smg you are crazy we gotta get a whole
new beat
we got to get a whole new beat bro that
was the
my man is going crazy coming through
with the 50. you know the life that you
see on right now like the rhymes i found
off the top my mind like the lantern i'm
gonna burn through the amps and the
words of my mind got the circuitry so
connected in the vibe cause you know i'm
gonna pay electricity with the love that
they send me but you know i'm gonna be
crazy with the love i'm spitting out to
smg he getting in it it'd be 50 feeling
nifty 50s thoughts up in my mind gifted
with it smoking on it gifted lifted with
the things i see you know i'm gonna do
it i'm gonna tell you that he getting
really fine with the letters in his mind
just beheaded every night you know that
it's word device to iconic at prime you
better not do what you did
[Music]
went with a girlfriend but you really
wanted to go with an actual day so you
screwed up and then ready to chill with
the [ __ ] homie
cause you were
doing some
black [ __ ]
you should probably not be scared to be
going up to girls and then tell them
that you liked how you feel like like
how their hair gone swirl through the
wind and they like how they gonna smile
like what they got to just say when they
open miles shouts out to the people that
they don't like but was too shy to just
say hi and you know that lil kind need
to grow up but right now i'll just go up
to any [ __ ] one be like hi can i
stitch up all these rhymes and they
gonna be like yeah let me do it let me
get a [ __ ] word upon the line so i'm
gonna spit around now they smiles really
right on their faces and i'm feeling
really fine you know that if you done
lit a little bit of different yes you're
gonna find time to just work up on your
freestyle tactics off the top then maybe
you could be doing that at high school
and then college but you know that you
were a soft fool didn't really know that
you could be thinking about the way that
you needed to be going cause you were
feeling this pressure of the people
around your mind people around your
family people gonna tell kind that you
be needing to be doing this [ __ ]
different but you know i already know
khan had the answers in his mind for the
way that they want to move but you know
that you get so influenced by the
outside words that they always telling
you so you know you can't really be you
until you figure out who you really are
i was lucky that my past was really dope
about what he did so i was set off so
you know i had time to figure out and
then now i'm gonna find out that that
should be on my rhyme route each and
every night proud of the way i'm feeling
cause we gonna be building this movement
you're gonna know you're gonna be all up
into it yes you see what we doing it's
every day yes you gon know that it's
fluid off the brain the brother be the
gold that's the clientele man and this
home girl be the friend of the dude and
you're gonna see me
send love out to people who gonna just
speak me all the love that they see them
in the line and i'm speaking what's
inside my mind and you know it's the
season of the kind
[Music]
hey smg
you're a real one
um didn't really stick to prom but you
know
went off to different topics from there
um crazy crazy love coming through
eugene k
checking oh [ __ ] eugene k coming through
yeah man
um it's been a real session
uh we were actually just about to close
out eugene k coming through
um
you know i got you on a couple bars
regardless hobie coming through at the
end here
get a quick couple bars
uh but we've been going ot because my
man smg just extended the session so
crazy till it's 50 till it's pink g
like the heart in my mind i just got to
show all of the love in my mind for the
art i'm around for the spark of the
fight in my mind when i'm arcing your
vibes and i know that they'll find love
from the dude oh he great
it's eugene k tuning to the tune too
late
it's okay man
we just got a lot of great raps maybe
i'll do a late sesh one day man
shouts out to the dude if the eugene k
man nippy john cole man the bar tech man
feel divine when the con gonna buy
inside your mind
yes i'm bombarding you the bomb [ __ ]
that is going to blow up your mind bird
khan is dancing yes i'm minding blowing
up the underground sound of my mental
digging on the goal
they don't spit into my soul too dope
nice h36 no skull
oh
peace out to the guy i found these godly
divine type energies that i'm gonna
likely to drop on your own mental genes
peace to the jungle john cena babar tech
and i know i got it then it's hardest
when i'm sending love out to ll
well let me swell this love in my mind
that the people
who hail
no
nah they don't hail it is king kong
but you know that we been done
not really though
cause the people been i
hey appreciate y'all just tuning on
oh [ __ ] smg going crazy now
[Music]
as i'm talking
[Music]
we be moving
[Music]
i guess we doing one more from the dude
because he going crazy and he won
another tune it's infinitely looming in
my mind inside my essence who knew
what beat do we want
[Music]
you look tired as if you just freestyled
for like 2.5 hours inside your mind i
don't know let me get my energy up sleep
work sleep work you know i need to break
the cycle
so i'm sleeping every day i'm dreaming
every second in my brain what if sleep
was real life what if dreams were what
you really on
what if this was dream what if i was
dead i don't know so imma get inside
this i can in the moment in my head i
get so ahead of people who gonna tell me
that they know him best
it's a testament to seconds that i spent
so extensive with the panzer's thought
[Music]
so extensive with the blessings that i
sent the lessons that the lecture yes
it's gonna be so electric when i'ma tell
ya that i'm gonna let the trigger yes
i'm shocking your mind with lyrics that
you learn yes i'm burning through the
circuit circle con on your calendar that
gonna be the day that you need to draw
an l on your mind and i tell
flowing through y'all mind you know that
i go to sleep and then wake up and then
it seems that i'm still living be imma
breathe maybe die and then i'll breathe
a different type of life
i don't know but you know this is the
time
that i'm taking overnight every day i'm
trying to grow my mental it's not just
rap homie yes it's so essential to just
focus on the focus and you know you're
gonna want to feel the dopest type of
way but your attention is gonna be
mixed up and twisted up and
you gon think of stuff that you
shouldn't tough and not tell ya that you
should be going off you're productive
when you're feeling happy when the blood
is rushing through your mind and you'll
be smiling and you know your face is red
but you know that you need to get ahead
and feel that way every second and i
know that i felt that way i was at my
job and i was like what the [ __ ] am i
doing better put the [ __ ] time on the
nine to five make my five to nine what
the want the kind to be doing you know
that from nine to twelve i'll be putting
extra time yes it's ot every second that
i'm learning not just rap homie not just
basketball homie i'm just gonna tell you
that i'm graphing you all the lyrics yes
i'm stretching serving through the flow
encrypted in the code did it in python
bro see me flow hold up break through
like the lava heat getting on your drive
like a java
gaming on them animated on them rapping
greater songs inside your mind you want
it academia the kind you know that they
acting deadly crazy tonight i know that
you better search deadly on google
translate what the man says as he does
through his noodle you win for the info
i'm going to spit information as i'm
getting to this [ __ ] kind of no more
truth yes i'm shining like the diamond
in the middle of four four two as i'm
ticky talking switching pockets picking
hotter rhymes and you know i'm gonna be
entering the sockets with my charge and
i'm plugged in with the lyrics lugging
along who's tired now eugene homie let
me let the flow fold you now
[Music]
with the lyrics that i'm [ __ ] up a
binder
hold up yes i break the cycle of just
living logic in your mind you stopping
thinking about your emotions a little
bit you need to just get inside the one
to know type of [ __ ] [ __ ] in your
mind do you wanna do this or not do you
got the answer or not do you wanna solve
it or not do you wanna go all in or not
i'll be going all in with the answers in
my mind yes i'm rolling all these dice
and i found out that i'm living kind
must be fine cause you know i'm breaking
out the confines as i find out why imma
do this right here cause the dual
throwing love all up on the line every
movement i find in my blood gonna put
you into a different real estate in your
mind and i'm showing you that i got the
things i do every day i'm singing tunes
right up off the top and you know the
linguistics move through the english i
pursue to be spitting you inside the
books that i'ma find yes i'm gonna be
cooking you all the things i'll leave
you shook in room every day you knew the
dude never gonna stop just the clever
type of heart flows i'm letting just be
dropping on your mind i'm getting on it
every day you'll be iconic find another
[ __ ] pocket yes i'm getting in your
sockets yes i'm getting so electric with
the flow yes i lecture you the things
that gonna trickle in your soul hold up
what we doing yes some cause a ripple in
it bro yes i'm isolated in the
oscillations of my flow what are we
doing yes i'm signing all the lyrics off
the dome on the tangent with the way i'm
paragraphing you a flow what we doing
kind is always going to get it on your
dome never gonna be stopping yes i'm
gonna let it go right through hold up
now i kind of gonna go up now flow up
y'all different type of way oh
hold up y'all what we do
uh
how i don't even know why the beat
stopped honestly
oh my god
[Music]
oh my god
[Music]
[Applause]
smg you are crazy
[Applause]
[Music]
100 just came through from smg
that's crazy because that's exactly what
i'm keeping in the bumping freeze
they keep looking up to me
creeping up inside their dreams now
speaking what you need inside this
freestyle sweet style
[Applause]
giving you just what you need now here's
why
spitting you the things you're gonna
need now in your mind with the freestyle
feeling free now dripping you the style
you know that is why yes it's going fine
hold up
show me what you're wanting to be
hearing from the guy yes he throwing red
is coated inside the line with
emergencies of the words i'm doing off
the top now bumping like the honey yes
the blood is red i'm gonna leave it on
red and imma get to a different type of
level you know that i'm never gonna be
distracted imma just be acting the
attraction that imma lay up on the
contracts gonna blend in your mind i
take the action never lacking practice
yes they gonna be lacking that kid
i lacking passion every time they rap
and i be letting my passion clash inside
your mind you know is out where i'm
[ __ ] lashing imma show you that i got
your eyelash blasted yes it's gonna be
high yes it's cold red with the things
i'm gonna be doing yes i'm bumping it
i'm gonna keep a hundred froze inside
your mind you're gonna want it kid
abundant with the lyrics never feeling
cumbersome i'm gonna show you all the
lyricism
telling you that you're leading in the
tune every day i'm speaking you all the
sweetest type of truth in your mind yes
you know i'm gonna deliver you the words
i'm not gonna desert it you have a sweet
tooth for the kind you know that i'm
gonna be wild heat y'all for a couple
hours speak wild in this [ __ ]
freestyle feeling happy you know that
it's gonna be really wild as the dude is
gonna feel me fly up though you know
you're gonna need a kind of type of flow
up in the pocket that i'm gonna be
feeling honest it i'mma show you that
i'm feeling really honest truth is that
i be just telling you what i be doing on
it the dude's iconic i'm thinking who is
inside the mind inside the guy i'm
feeling locked down down here look like
the guy got the keys i opened doors
inside your mind with all these bars in
my cells i'm going to got it on a g
you're going to see me finding chronic
biology inside of your mind ah feel so
diabolical on beat as i dye your color
on the canvas paint the [ __ ] scene
that you needed and it's mean
ah
man y'all are crazy bro
y'all are crazy bro
[Music]
um
thanks for letting me just get possessed
in my
mind
you know just obsess over the rhymes and
i know y'all threw some words but i felt
like i had to just find
a zone inside my brain cause all the
love they're gonna remain up in the
comments section when i see the dude it
says smg he throwing you the cash it
seems it's gonna be the crazy blast of
lyrics that i'm going to breathe you're
going to see me breed i'm going to be
the guy who popped into your population
then i know i got the time i'm
[Music]
going to be copper wire as i'm going
conducting khan you're going to find the
duxicon is going to be flowing through
his mind he gonna think another rhyme
i'm gonna duck it up i'm taping up you
know it's on the tape yes it's taking on
the final yes you know i'm spinning
final every day it's gonna be classic as
my legacy gonna get it free inside your
mind you're gonna want it yes i'm in the
cemetery but they bumping kind inside
the mind it's going to be the energy
that i be living with every second g is
going to be a b you legit see who it me
[Music]
yo yo yo how you feeling bro i be
feeling dope in a different type of zone
kinda lost myself in this [ __ ] flow
and i know that that could probably go
for a little more cause you know that i
be just feeling so dope caught the
second wind or a third wind i don't know
but i've been this lyrical inventions
innovating get some innovations they be
clapping with the way i'm setting your
settings yes the volume knob up i'm
going to call up on the lines that i'm
doing off the top and you're going to
see me yes i needed no words i have no
words for you how though that rap was
i'm gonna do it yes it's dirty with the
scratchy type of lyrics that i'm
patching up you know it's old school
cinema black and white i be choosing all
the gray scale love let them go and yes
you see it anyway yes i got the
just up through the classes like it's
charlie parker hold up what we doing you
know that i'm going to do it kind of
spitting you the lyrics yes i'm going
intruding inside your mind you know
they're kind in here you know it's not
literally the lines you're gonna want
hold up what we be doing
[Music]
baltic coming through he telling me that
bro you're good no worries
joe is coming through with automatic
type of words freeze shots are smg don't
think i'm just doing this cause i
would've done it anyway you inspired
this yes you put me in this type of zen
inside of my head yes iconic gonna be
popping this extra [ __ ] sesh in your
mind is ot simple with the dole freeze
he be coming through anyway with one
emoji what we doing g i be going crazy
[Music]
smg bro
we're going one more
one more
we're going one more bro
wow
i i'm lost for words bro the love is
crazy like i i can't believe how crazy
you're going right now
although let's get a let's get a beat
hold up we got to get a beat
although i got this i got this stranger
flows exclusive beats that i didn't even
put on any playlist that i [ __ ] with
heavy this one is fire
smg
so many great memories
my soul meets god every day as i
do something
mighty grow up in my mind at something
[Music]
marvel at the guy he's going to cartoon
yes he's going to be comic on the mighty
gonna be
yes you know it be the comedy that he be
speaking energy you gonna know and
honestly i'm never gonna be compromising
flow and khan gonna promise you he never
gonna slow i know i'm on my roll yes i'm
driving really slow kahn gonna be saying
yeah as he bumping you from west to east
you're gonna see me speak your what you
need i'm gonna tell you that they mad
they hate it at the guy cause now he
gonna be sounding so graduated oh hold
up you know the dope something coming
every day that i'm feeling like a horn
coming on me doing it go crazy as i'm
getting flames in sign your mind on time
with the registration i show you that
it's never reggie tell you that i got
the kush pushing do the medley of the
things that you'll be feeling inside of
the plenty love that i be doing got the
vision 2020 i show you that i speak to
you all the day recipe eugen k and if
that's true then 250 coming up too shout
out to the people who tune in to me do
other things i do sometimes you're gonna
only need 10 fans sometimes i'm going to
do it when i'm feeling really best man
sometimes you only need your mind
sometimes you need a whole crowd
sometimes you only need one love
chilling by you you know that the
state's up in my mind gonna make you
feel surviving with the way i'm gonna
find all the fire lyrics inside of my
mind i'm cruising strong on the road on
the drive that i'm storing on your cloud
dripping you my storms
what
the beaches
the beaches stopped
i guess we gotta run the
[ __ ]
[ __ ]
it's alright scratches that this is take
two you know that i patch that empty
feeling in your soul with the raps that
really fact every [ __ ] night and you
know i got the rap facts each and every
night i'm gonna make contact khan got
the tactful tracks that he gon sign yes
you know that you're gonna sit that's a
fact you're gonna tune into raps that
cat is gonna do up off the top shoot it
rat that's hat time
eradicate the whack rap rappers that gon
think they can evolve like the cat with
the lines and you know i'm gonna spit
the heartbreak yes i'll be back soon
homie b rb this flow is gonna get to
your soul spit mo you know you're gonna
wish for the dude and you need three
wishes god three kinds an iconic gonna
give you exactly what you want each
night i'll be in my jeans every day yes
to see khan call him genie he be
in a different species he's gonna speak
these lyrics and your speeches impeach
him it's never that they're gonna be
king kong you know that i'm spitting you
the fat of free rhyme i show you that
i'm gonna be lyrical you know that i
need to turn your mind so spherical yes
your hat turns back with the lyrics that
you post on snapchat it's a miracle hold
up you know that i got the wiggles of
the arms you know is going to jiggle to
the rhythm through the lyrical [ __ ] that
i'ma just wiggle right up in the pencil
off the top up on the mic though and i
know that i never gonna do a micro macro
with the way i'm calling all the raps
bro hold up you know that done spinning
you the heat imma wave high to the
people see you need do another flow cook
you the book read it he's gonna be
getting you ingredients he's
sliding down the colors with your mind
lock the gradient i tell ya they're not
spitting you the lyrics just positioning
you my soul
what we do when you know that i got all
this lyric in my mind yes i'll be a god
artemis
artemis is gonna be god of doing
something i forgot one way or not we
gonna find out that we living really
right even you gonna find time to think
about the things that you do not know
that's the time that i get so excited
bro i'll be so philosophized in the way
i'm gonna be feeling really soft when
i'mma close my eyes and just think of
all the thoughts in my mind and i got to
just try to just tell you i might think
another type rhyme in the rhythm that
you're gonna turn into who is the dude
who gonna spew this the thing that you
need to just think in your mind is just
are you gonna believe that you gonna be
living free in your mind you better see
that you got a lot of options in your
mind you best believe that you got a lot
of time that you gonna live and then
pursue all the things that you gonna
wanna do but you know that it's true
that if you waste your time complaining
or just waste your time maintaining on
the wrong type of path then your end
probably be flaming
[Music]
you know that i'm spitting you the
lyrics and i bought blessings
gotta hit after here in quick succession
[Music]
smg coming through yes he testing me
[Music]
he's telling me
that he literally
would've done 250
but you two was like you we're not at yo
right mind so we need to limit you bro
[Music]
shout to smg bro if he dirt feels if you
take three three three pro if eugene k
if he s mg
ah [ __ ] bro
oh my god
smg the benefactor bro
smg just wants the dude
who benefactor with the flow just you
know
subdivide it split it into fractions bro
you know because you're going to
nominate the god
or nominate the god to
a rom
you know when the subdivisions are the
rhythms in my mind
he's making you love love he really is
my god i don't think i've ever been
streaming for this long
but you know i'm having a lot of fun
and you gonna know that it got to bump
with the way i make y'all jump
oh smg
throw 150.
um
i can't because of course why the [ __ ]
not
uh
because he's going crazy he's lost his
mind clearly you know youtube tried to
warn him
youtube tried to tell him that he's that
he lost his mind but uh he he found it
and then and then you know lost it again
uh
and sent me the 50 hmac beat
oh wow eugene
eugene is sponsoring an hmac
classic
hold up
damn this silence is is really something
right now
this silence is really something you
know can silence ever bump i feel like
silence can can rock bro like that [ __ ]
silence
silence
silence honestly slaps
um
hold up let's do it
[Music]
all right let's get to the words let's
get i've been free flowing for too long
let me try to do all your words everyone
this is the last beat i mean i i can't
imagine any more love they're literally
telling him to stop
so let's just i'm treating this like the
last
[Music]
hold up what we doing yes i feel ya with
the lyrics as the silence gonna slap his
killer what we doing yes i'm gonna do
the purely throw deliver like surely
know that he'd be telling me you know
i'm gonna fly this khan is gonna do it
every day you know the silence slaps and
i might just rap through the violence
inside of the tactful type things that i
find inside my mind you're gonna know
i'm gonna be just taking out my tongue i
let it butterfly fly you know that i got
the colors lined up inside your mind i
got the canvas filled i'm gonna be
painting your deliveries yes this
ancient old school with it yes i got the
full yes i'm gonna spit your dope think
you're gonna want it yes addicted like
it slow what we doing yes i'm gonna be
living off the thrones the addition off
the dome yes i'm going to be sitting
sifting through the lyrics yes i'm going
to tell you that i'm going to be killing
this beat on the awesome show maybe one
day homie you know that i got to go in
my mind and sign up for the awesome show
i guess you know i'm going to rap ilcon
gonna be synced in the ocean like an
anvil and i tell ya that i got a
paragraph for ya look at the trajectory
i'm a rap for ya every day i'm gonna
climb grass every day i'm gonna do it
yes i'm going day over on my side and
i'm gonna tell you that i'm gonna be
over [ __ ] drive with the drive there
every time i'm spitting on your mind and
i got the literature and i guess i'm
going to be literally turning all the
pages in my mind i won't be bitter with
the words i'm going to be missing in the
words don't dismiss the curse in my mind
there's another thirst
this person will there is you know that
you're going to find can't do it yes
it's feeling like it's open eyes as i'm
gonna be testing my stamina yes i'm
gonna be picturing it like a camera and
i'm gonna drive like a camera and you're
gonna know that i had to go inside of my
mind and i'll tell you what you wanna
you know that the flow is gonna be burnt
yes it's well done maybe overdone you
know that i'm gonna be rare or something
yes you're gonna want it you know that
i'm gonna be rarer with the lyrics on it
crazy with the way i'm gonna do it
automatic man you're all gonna tune into
the lyrics i'll be problematic what we
doing you know that i'm gonna throw the
fakes away you know the game i'ma
overtake you know the goat he phrases a
little bit different though
[ __ ] you know that we moving you know
that ain't gonna be the conscience it
says i'm gonna bend the lyrics convicts
with all the lyrics that they sending me
you know i'm looking through the
comments you know that ain't gonna be
the guy who just feel his five senses in
the rhythm now and you're gonna know
that i'm spitting you the ammunition on
my flows and you're gonna see me truly
exquisite with all these clothes that i
be spitting never fiction i'll be real
hold up you know that i'm gonna say hi
to eugene okay we'll tune in to the
great bob you know there is safety
coming through yes i'm gonna sing inside
of your mind all the love coming through
it's pink hold up what we doing yes i
think that i'd be up on the brink of
just giving you the things you're gonna
need in the ring i'll be winning gold
and they gonna be testing me but you
know that i do the freshest things i'm
gonna be seeing yes i'm gonna be in
sizing every day i'm gonna do it to your
size i'm fitting so infinite with the
limits that i'm gonna be blending hold
up what we doing yes i cut a ball to my
mitten and i'm gonna do it all in
[ __ ] war with the way that i'm
hitting out the park and it's switching
and you know i'm kicking up on that good
sport with it hold up what we doing yes
i'm serving between the lines just you
see the kind do it really fly now uh
show you that i'm gonna be in great khan
gonna spit it off the brain do it insane
hold up you know there you gonna engrave
i just got your lyric on your mind
yourself in flames ah kill it yes it's
r.i.p with the lyrics and the legacy
that i'm gonna breathe in the energy on
the stream he gonna be the guy who gon
speak so easily gee he gon do this you
gon move with things he gonna do inside
flow holder yes you're gonna want the
dude to never start with the dirty sick
dude hold up hold up they bet insane
with the flow flames they can come
through eugene k is gonna pay for you
know that i'm gonna save flows hold up
you know that i'm gonna get cold with
the lyrics yes it's slippery it's the
season that i'm winning every day it's
gonna be winter with the season it's
gonna be the fall you know that i'm
gonna be simmering up yes i'm gonna be
summer with the fall hold up there
spring into the bounce it's kinetic with
it yes you know i'm gonna get it never
edit this [ __ ] um elected to be the guy
who gonna spit you all the lectures off
the [ __ ] little trap
i guess we got one more i don't even
know what we're doing anymore i'm lost
in time
i'm very lost in time
bartek also
oh my god
how am i feeling
i'm actually like
it's crazy it's it's literally like a
high
right now
it's like the closest thing i could
relate it to is like a
lower level of like
molly
honestly like not that hot that not that
not that great but like if you tuned it
all the way down
[Music]
how to hold up you know that we getting
in it is this by you yes it is let me do
it you know that i'm going to block it
yes i'm playing like inside the bio
bam
boom back with the true facts who's that
choose cat to just do a true rap ooh
yes you know that though
[Music]
gonna come through feeling the love you
know i'm speaking you what you gon want
now imma tell you that you're feeling
all the love now cause i'm speaking you
i'll show you what you want now i'll be
doing this i'm peeking through the
higher levels in my mind got to tell you
that i'm fine and you know i'm never
gonna
stop you know that that speed it every
day i'm going to be on a different speed
with the lyricist i'm going to be he's
crazy how i'm going to speak these
experiences in the me yes i'm going to
steer it yes i got the energy yes i'm
blessed with freeze they be testing me
but it's a testament to thee lines that
i'm going to test in the true freeze
hold up you know i'm going to make you a
movie call it iconic with the [ __ ]
true freeze and the true thoughts that i
do free and you know i'm going to drive
me mur bmw gonna tell me that i'm
driving cool yes i'm cruising you know
that i never need no paperweight never
write no word down no no paperweight i'm
just telling you that i do it off the
top with the phrase kind telling you we
gonna awfully amaze guys who just tuned
into the isotope of rhymes yes i got the
protons negated out by electrons you
better elect kind to be spitting you the
lyrics never neutral on a rhyme i find
time to go and just blow your odd time
and i'll blow up congo and show you what
you want now
tell you that the engineering so i'm
getting ready to be revving with the
german engineering yes i got a song for
you drive it no speed limit like an
autobahn
that i'm going to ought to bounce for
you alter you the bounce for you what we
doing kind salt announcements offensive
mind and you're going to see me do it so
pronounced with all my rhymes i show you
that i do it yes i test a freak i'm
gonna be feeling dope especially when
they coming through with all of the
colors you see it's gonna be pink and
red and orange on the logic that i
breathe i show you that i might see the
people turning to the lyrics and the
lines that i speak i'm gonna show you
that i'm gonna word a flavor full tune
yes i'll be the terminator the duels
that i'm gonna be robotic with the flow
i'm gonna fix it yes machinery of kind
it gonna be moving different yes you say
i'm gonna be so small get it like it's
a.i intelligent with the way that the
seep in my mind and everything i called
i'ma learn so deep now
show you i'm at my node i'm on the edge
with the way i'm gonna be traveling
through i'm gonna be flying yes you know
that i'm getting up high like i'll be
smoking on a split for some marijuana
i'm gonna show y'all that i'm doing yes
i get to the lyrical dilemma that i'm
solving never ending cause it's gonna be
infinite with the sentence that i be fit
and tight in your mind it be sj2 yo how
you [ __ ] do let me recite you the
love that the fear towards the people in
the room you know that i'm coping with
the thoughts in my mind yes they better
hope it never ends and they did so it's
gonna go on and go on and go on so
strong with the lines that they go along
for hold up go along for the raw belong
ah all right guys
ah let's talk it out i can't just we
gotta talk it out
because
y'all are crazy
how i don't what's the
time what's the time it's been
2 58
in two minutes it'll be three just wait
[Music]
three hours off the top with the ramen
you know that you're gonna be rapping
for so long that i'm
gonna be tied never gonna retire these
latest sessions always far maybe i
should just push wednesday to the night
maybe one time shouts
the two hours ahead of the time that i
started but hold up it be plus one
forgot one you know you got one more
flow
smg telling me that they should look up
at my cash app hold up yes you know i go
up this dude coming through with the old
[ __ ] type of thing that they see and i
go up it's a glow up cause they do just
throw stuff it be
[Music]
nifty
with the truth that i spit thee he'd be
the guy who'll be making cuts my real
what i try to send your love to my mom
but i don't really know how i'll be
speechless with the speech kid just know
that i'm never gonna teach this
hold up yes i better teach this type of
love to anyone to gonna step up to the
god cause you're going crazy hold up
what we doing just to try to show you
yes it's going to be crazy how they
telling me that they loving me with the
energy that they sending me through the
letters g that is going to stream do the
wires get inside your hard drive now
upon your abs they gonna find khan get a
couple racks in the lines ah not really
racks but you know what i comment and i
know i might bend your mind i might tell
you that imma go keep on creep strong
reap rewards up in the flow now speak
y'all what you needed yes i speak oh
blow up every day i'm peeking no hold up
kind showing you i'm gonna do it yes
it's too legit to quit you know i'm
gonna set it in your mind it's gonna be
sedimentary as i'ma go and rock yeah yes
i'm taking all your earth i'm gonna be
shaking with the verse i'm gonna show
you that you're gonna be quaking
[ __ ]
250 coming through i gotta do something
we're gonna keep on this quiet grind but
i'm just you know i'm gonna get you with
the little flows
extend a little bit more because my dude
is going really crazy with the flow
oh but yeah i can't really like rap rap
at this point i can't really rap rap at
this point
[Music]
see one thing that you need to know that
when matt goes for non-10 hours he's
done rap mode so he knows that he needs
to act slow and not really talk the
whole day till that night or that time
that he hit stream got a lot of hot tea
and for like first five or maybe first
six hours he just go slow like this type
of vibe but till he goes and knows that
he gonna fix it to the end yes he gonna
be fine with the way he's spitting so he
cranks it up towards the end if he can
and he always does so you know that he's
the man and i know that that was just
going crazy bro for like three hours
straight my bro soul you know that it's
a little bit slow with the vocals
warming up to the long sesh hold up
marathon says hold up borrowathon sesh
holder kinda might been you will hold
that type of eye holder let me tell you
that they said hold up like 18 times so
i go up in my mind i'll find a side of
my mind just where y'all side to side i
might to do it great now yes enumerate
khan got the numbers yeah statistics of
the rhymes telling me i'm fine
show you that i'm so efficient with the
way i'm fishing inside all my intuition
i'm going to find out how to free yes
i'm going to philosophize you my rhyme
ideology right up in the time of the
bleeding side of the sweet boom of the
bat boom and you're gonna have to
tune it you know that i'm spitting you
the word flaws yes i'm hitting you with
turbo boost hold up this a burial of the
beat who's gonna speak to you the g e b
he be easy he be gonna do the freesty
speaking the things you need there
eugene k see me speaking yes i saw the
mic i'm gonna be your parliament tonight
i'm gonna be the truth paul pierce on
the mic as a pierce through this net as
i'm switching through your minecon
showing you a call game i'm going to
show you that i got a lot to say khan
going to win each and every wing five at
the time feel the life is closed
punching you a main tain on the main
stage great phrase gonna be coming out
me frame by frame man hold up fax you
will be there one day still here you
know that is the goal the legend i know
that you'll be getting all the rhymes
from me i'm out to dinner peace to the
homie who done speaks all this love for
me through the energy and the dollars
that he sent to me all night long he
went on a spend spree and i went on a
rom spree so you might call that uh
[Music]
what can you call that
an smg you know that's what you call it
went on a spend spree i went on on a
a rap spree
uh so you call that an smg
oh yeah this is a wild wild i actually
am feeling like different than i've been
before it's weird um probably because
i'm tired as [ __ ]
uh but i caught that second wind uh that
was super fire and the love that i see
from the lines is so crazy just leaves
me so inspired
um
go check out the freestyles i am trying
to post one a day when i'm not streaming
live i mean
there's been a lot of dope moments a lot
of dope clips um at least i think soon
so i'll be sharing that [ __ ] and who
knows one day maybe people will listen
to it you know
on their phones and [ __ ] and you know
i'm in the zone and [ __ ] so
um
we're going to peace out with it it's
jonko
you're tuning into some type of vibe
though you did well for three hours
appreciate that my man
like a machine as i'm going to spit the
obscene lyrics peeping you through the
screen it's off of the mentalism i got
you essential rhymes and now
now i'm going to slaughter your venue
one day
don't be the stadiums my cranium be
bleeding you the things that i'm
maintaining in the thoughts and the
rhythms that blend inside the things
inside my hand and the hand of my soul
and the rhythm i lend to your mind so
you feel the best and now i tell you
[Music]
that um
[Music]
been impressed by the people who always
telling me that
i got
around for the holder i don't know what
i'm saying anymore i'm just going to
font sound to just
feel real dope as the people chilling
with me at the end of the stream it's
been three hours plus mo
um
you know it's never stressed you're
gonna need to chill a little mo for the
full hours from now on
you right bro
yeah tomorrow i'm definitely not going
to be rapping you know i might do a
quick q a session on twitch though
um
you know switch the situation so by
friday we can really go
and you know
the rhymes are just flowing now
oh man i can't thank y'all enough bro i
can't thank y'all enough not only to the
obvious
smg
who went crazy
but eugene k2
[Music]
who came through and bartek too
who never lost the truth and jason smith
who started off the cue with the five my
dude i know i still see it on my screen
as i pause my dude
when it [ __ ] up that one time you know
like an hour and a half ago
[Music]
appreciate y'all though um this is i'm
one to remember obviously obviously want
to remember and thank y'all for being
here
um next time i see y'all
live
potentially tomorrow but next time i'll
freestyle for y'all definitely friday
um and yeah look out for any other clips
uh i got a few saved actually um
that you know are
i think are fired
but anyway
peace out y'all peace out y'all i love
y'all um i don't know how to end so i'm
just gonna hit end stream
uh peace out