what's good to the youtube scene every
night we be feeling really right
how you doing if you mike if he rock
cold marco [ __ ] on the [ __ ] line he
be loading three times shouts to the
people already chilling in the line yes
i'm going to be giving you divine
energies up off my mind yes i'm feeling
really dope jason smith is tuning on to
the things i'm going to throw yes i'm
going to do it every day i'm moving
yesterday's another movement in the room
who knew that i'd be choosing all these
lyrical tunes that you'll be moving too
you're gonna know it who's gonna spit
intuition he'd be wishing for another
system inside his mind
[Music]
what's good to the people on the line
now six people tuning to me and i know
that it be the michael god it gonna be
jason smith it gonna be rocco chilling
let me tell you that i got this cold
feeling that we feeling really dope this
is my last stream for like 10 10 days
so peace to the people who'll be
chilling with me
right now you know that i'm gonna bump
loud i'm gonna give you the lyrics that
gon bump routes on my mind every day yes
i'm stepping kind of be telling you that
he'd be so expensive in his pensive
seconds in his mind spending time
thinking about another way to spit you
all these rhymes yes i'm gonna be
bumping shouts out to the flow i be
swimming in it yes i cause a flood in
your dorm hold up just a blood move
you'll just fear this i thought in your
mind move cause i'm gonna spit this
awfully dope tone kind getting unions in
the scope with the lyrics that i'm going
through hold up what we're doing yes i'm
going to do it every day i'm climbing
ropes to the sky top wrong with the dna
that i'm going to bring yet you see me
say all the things you need and hey how
you doing need to say kind going to feel
so great when they tune into the live
lyrics i just say to your mind kind got
a lyrical for you every night hold up
yes i'm going to work the free kind it's
never feeling no uncertainty i'm gonna
be sir who gon speak the lyrics yes they
saying yes sir he be free i'm gonna flow
next kind gonna open all your doorsteps
now you're gonna see me welcome ah
welcome gonna spit you the lyrical shine
in your mind i show y'all that you're
feeling really dope oh hold up what'd it
do
is the youtube stream working working or
not i'm going to tell you that i hate to
be the guy to just say
what we doing
my youtube gave an error real quick
shouts out to the people chilling with
me
on the line
it be conquering the house but lurking
and working
i'll be burning and churning
through the lyrics that i'm spitting
shouts to the people chilling
how we doing
we be moving i'm gonna give you what you
need and yes i tether the lyrics they be
threaded in the sentence so amazing yes
i'm going to be unwrapping fat flows up
in your mind yes i'm chilling in my
habitat i'm feeling in the line every
day my soul finds another way to ride on
the rhythm that be honored yes i'm going
to give it to you listen it be kind
we'll be giving you the glistening shine
type things that you need and so
exquisite with rhymes tonight hold up
what we doing hi to the people it be
rick assen burgess i'm going to test her
with the words of spit i show you that
i'm going to get it stick in your mind
yes i turn every second you're gonna see
me
spit your what you need and heard ill
lyrics and i'm sending love to dirt
films ah cause he's sending all the fire
full times and you know i'm gonna fire
flows on your minecon on point with the
fine joint roll line yes i'm on a roll
now find me say another tune give you
what you need and every time i spew the
things i'm gonna be spitting just the
word things won't be flowing through
sentence send it out to earthlings just
the whole earth sings cause the kind
gonna binge on the hinges all the lines
that just exist in him hold up what we
doing yes i might do
this fist bump what's good out to
michael i show you that i'm gonna get my
vision see it clearly in the line send
it to television
let me tell you my vision i'm gonna hand
an l inside your mind yes you're seeing
me clearly get a dub every time that i
rhyme i blow up easy explode all your
heezies he gon be
[Music]
the dope freesty demonstrate i'm gonna
be
the guy you needing in your ears yes i'm
gonna be a demon with the lyrics yes i'm
gonna hesitate to throw hate to anyone
cause they just living through
they lies we living different homie you
gonna see me sifted inside the lyrics oh
he's gonna be birthing this he do it
urgent with the quick words that he sent
in your heads hold up took a turn on the
page giving you the rap [ __ ] got the
tactics yes i thought about it analyzed
it yes i be the champion with rhymes and
i know i'm finding all the chumps on the
line stepping up the kind going to make
them bump too shake up with the door
cause he's spitting you the what you
needed every night khan gonna switch
your situation with the assists of the
little phrases holder khan getting
through his lines sifted through the
lyrics hit the bull's eye found the
target with the dart it's crazy how i'm
darting out i'm marking you with
permanent to ink that i be never worried
and [ __ ] and you're gonna see it off the
spit i'm gonna burp it every time i'm
gonna kill a bee
ah what we doing just behave it
be it every day is grounded pavement how
i'm on my drive street with a hard drive
i stored with all of the hard rhymes i
tell you that i might be a hero yes i'm
gonna be
tyler
[Music]
ah we lost it we lost it guys
iconic yo dimitri i kind of [ __ ] with
iconiacs too
iconiacs
[Music]
or autoconic
i don't even know right now hold up show
you what i won't do now is just slow up
i be on my drive right now yes i'm
cruising yes you're gonna see me be the
bee bruising hold up he the sweetest of
the choosers of the rhymes and the
lyrics that you know were a little
better than the other things that your
tone told yes i spit the riddle fiddle
with the strings that that through who
knew that the guy gonna spit it iconic
is five yes i'm gonna be running from
the po-po now yes i'm gonna pull more
rhymes and i know that i'm so polarized
as i'm gonna shine straight through your
mind with dichotomy your rhymes deep fly
[Music]
yes i'm going to spit it yes i'm going
to get it in the edits in my mind i'm
going to be setting all your settings
looking right the volume knob is turned
upright you hear it louder every night's
gone showing you he gonna be pyromaniac
on the line that be iconique that'd be
iconia
let me tell you then to spit the ippy
pyromaniacs tune into it column iconiacs
i'm gonna say all the flames fly in the
lines every day yes i blaze y'all every
night i be looking like a sun blaze
y'all got the distance with the spitted
heat yes you're gonna see me be
universal with the energy i leak he's
gonna storm through his mind giving you
the universal shine i tell you that
you're best let go i be in the bars yes
i'm gonna flex flows kind got a kilo
fact that's a thousand bars homies i
fill my faxes with the bars that i copy
and i paste up in the rhythm little
different every time that i be spitting
soul you'll be tuning into me every day
is getting a little bit better cause my
dude josh berkey tune into the lyric
letters that i'm spitting just a
birthday another vision every day i do
was sent another lover with the words
free kind gonna do it
turn these page you know that i'm never
gonna be lost just across your mind yes
i switch it up a nine lacrosse hold up
now i got your lacrosse
what we doing yes i'm spitting you the
lyrics hold up kind get up in your
spirit go up to another level yes
experience this is the guy who won't
bump wet flows then go dry it evaporates
on the sunset hold up what we doing yes
i get it let it go yes it's going to be
rick esenberg up in the tune yes i spit
the lessons yes i preach the blessing
just as church we go
[Music]
got the torch and i got the flanges i'm
gonna win every ring tie it right
together with the way you sing it the
hymns that connect inside the notes that
blend the circles on the rhyme that i'm
gonna ascend ah what we doing you know
that i'm gonna switch it yes i'm gonna
do it every day the words is twitching
twisting for another twist of the storms
up in my brain i got the tornadoes yes
i'm gonna be spinning you the flows it's
so absurd i'm gonna get you all the
thoughts you need him from the dude i
better test you with the way i'm
thinking about these quizzes so
exquisite lay down the answer solve it
in a minute
[Music]
how we how we doing you know that i've
been this it's the kind kid do it really
intense i show you that i'm gonna get
the bumping fire i never left the beat
unidentified i saw your homie yes i shot
you down got you in scope now khan got
the lyrics that you wanted on now i tell
you that i'm going to flow the scary
freeze i'm going to do it momentarily
you know infinite testimony inside the
[ __ ] seconds that done speaking you
the lessons that you need and off the
top i got the textbook speaking you the
math that you need and yes i added up
togethers in the series that i'm
speaking hold up what we doing
so integral to the way i'm thinking
about the lyrics yes i'm into grilling
all your minds now ah let it be crazy
how i elevate your mind to different
heights
he's gonna word it great kind gonna go
viral yes i let it germinate on your
mind i show you that i'm gonna bump
flames can't do it as its impulsive sage
stuff flows in so your mind i answer in
flow state show you this flow is gonna
get you to new states inside of your
minecon is never gonna stop imma show
you that i be going on till i drop you
know with the breath it's breathless as
i'm going to making deadness every day
i'm going to kill it yes i'm tasting you
the breakfast that i'm waking up to i'm
breathing thinking about the thoughts
that i'll be feasting on right now up on
the beach you're going to see khan spit
your all the lyrics yes i gots to go
tell you that there may be slowed down
testosterone that be flowing inside my
mind it's taking over now but you know
that i'll probably let it go maybe one
more time hold up what we doing yes i
bomb you all the dumb trolls live for
saying what's good hey homie how you
doing feeling really dope with the dude
the iconic off the dome right now yes
i'm building you some architecting dorms
you know yes i got the sound sounding
right in your homes hold up what we
doing i be showing you i'm bouncing yes
i'm waving high with all the sounds that
i be announcing hold up con showing you
i got the hype of freezing inside your
mind i'm thinking all of these
hypotheses hey what we doing yes i might
defeat these people thinking they could
stop me with the lyric freestyle he's
gonna do it never at the con ringing off
the top heavenly i be angelic hold up
what we doing yes i'm gonna bark it at
the market shopping for a rhyme at the
market of the lines every night as
[Music]
do it yes it's gonna be goat's cheese
cause i'm gonna make you smile with the
goat freeze oh he's doing this it's a
story watch it every movement yes it's
glory how we gonna slice the [ __ ]
beat up yes you know he's never gonna
left it dead yes i'm gonna revive your
eyes to the things you're gonna want
feeling like a zombie now cause it's
different i'm spreading you know i'm
gonna get them bunker freeze kind deep
with the flow yellow submarine classic
with the way i rock your g i show you
that i'm crawling on your mind and your
mentals be kind gonna got flows hold up
yes i'm looking like a cockroach looking
like a beetle as i be stepping on your
mind kind killing lyrics every
day your best friend you know i'll be on
a tia as no one else you know that i'm
barbara dia as i just go bomb bars
inside of your dias you know it's
everyday with the way i'm gonna bomb
bars yes you know you're gonna say khan
on point with the lyrics that he think
nah
show you that i'm going to embark on a
mission with the flames out to denmark
mads williams seeing me mad killing the
beat i got the lyricus i rap billion
freeze hold up what we doing yes you're
feeling so at ease cause the lyrics that
i breathe gonna make you feel so sweet
hey how we doing if he step on each hell
yes he clapping saying honey blowing up
the piece as well and the fire flaming
in the lines that that doji yes i'm
bubbling you my heat looking like
jacuzzis
[Music]
how we doing how we doing you know that
i'm gonna tell you got a lot of bars now
yes i cut it down i give you with these
scars now yes you feel it yes i'm
feeling really proud i'm showing you
that i'm a burner flow i do it so
forever less and feeling so eternal bro
whoa i be doing this install joints on
your hard drives every day i need no
ball point but i'll be balling and i'll
be so on point check the scoreboard
homie yes he always on the road oh hold
up yes i'm spitting you the flow kind
giving you the fire that you need and
hold up what we doing 15 people in the
room tuning things to things i do
uh sweet with the music yes i'm gonna be
seeing rob tune in to me speak through
the lyrics that you need and on your
mind dirt film saying you killed that
wine i'm gonna wonder if i could kill
another one so i do it and i aim you the
flames lay claim that i'm always gonna
be kind and you tune into the lines that
i say now
show you that them gonna flow flames yes
i'm looking for a soul mate
[Music]
found it in the beta found it in the
soul found it in the lines found it in
the way i'm going to make [ __ ] a flow
with a bar and a beat and you see these
raises
and you see these suns that i be raising
yes i'm blowing up i'm supernova with
the way i'm going to be eternal with my
energy tell you what you need kind do
with flipping app grow bad eggs with the
flow yes i'm doing all these rap
robotics i be rap robotic as you're
gonna think that the kind was programmed
to spit you all this hot [ __ ] hold up
now yes i'm gonna be hopping
all right
that beat i [ __ ] with that beat a lot
but we can't
i do it too much i wanted to use that as
an interlude and also i wanted to say
what's good
to the 13 people chilling it's youtube
i'ma say the f word
[ __ ] em if they hatin yes i'm gonna be
illin it's everyday the sickness yes i'm
gonna be killing it viral with the
quickness of the lyrics thinking it's a
different type of level higher in the
mission it gets so global with the way
i'm seeing how the global gonna know who
we all know who we bout know what we own
yes i know i got the planned out but you
know what been the moment i'm gonna
reside right now and just show you that
i'm smiling yes i'm swerving curving all
the people that be talking that i'm not
gonna spit it off the top i do it often
yes it's awfully hot you know i'm gonna
go and offer the books here that you
like to read yes you're gonna see me
breed another lyrics yes i'm gonna be
the guy to likely breathe
on a lyrical when the tree that i'm
gonna feel yes you're testing me well
i'm going to ac right between the lines
gonna do it yes i'm gonna be double on
your mind
show you that i'm gonna got the facts on
the line con spit it till you're in
these monograms now i got the polygram
now i got the mighty weightly lyric in
my mind i'm gonna spit the hot freeze
let me flex the phone and lift it yes up
off the bench off the chest with the
treasure in the measure that i'm
spitting yes i'm gonna spit the action
con gonna spit the rhyme never need
redaction imma tell ya that i do it flow
up another flow for you headed out it's
gonna be home run cause i'm running to
your home through the sky get up through
the cables yes up on your [ __ ] eye
through the video on your screen that
you find in from your faces every night
yes you can
tune in to me cause i'm clicking on live
yes i'm gonna do me every day i say art
yes you're gonna see me [ __ ]
trademark the way that i trade you the
that i made i just let it live on and
they gonna be like them he just did this
strong and i'm gonna lift it one more
night all night long hold up i tell you
that i'm going to blast flows con
winning shifts like the houston astros
i'm gonna tell you that the rockets out
the sky i go apart inside the paint when
rocking you a mic and you're gonna see
me spit it yes i'm swishing through the
net you best believe me kinds don't be
dripping wet yes the thunder that you're
seeing going to me be spitting through
the wondrous the phrases hold up time
going to travel got the wanderlust yes
the bars i bust yes you got to trust
cause they sounding really good really
ridiculous
spit it to you yes the raps it's crazy
khan gonna be stirring you this madness
ah tell you that i do it vicious nah do
it old school do it futuristic now
blending time together traveling through
the system now bumping yes i'm gonna got
you a free shouts to the dude it gonna
be rhymed your volley and i tell ya that
i'm gonna play the godflow yes i'm gonna
dish it assist like rondo hold up you
know that i got dijon mustard
nba all night long
come on
how we how we how we how we how we how
we doing
how we
[Music]
this feeling for a lyric yes i'm feeling
wonderous cause the dude is dirt films
coming through with this with the words
that that split up in the
lyrics let them think i'm yes i'm gonna
be going great i tell you that shading
light by your taste are you doing great
oh hold up you know that i'm gonna get
the rare phrase in your mind shout outs
and i'm gonna say hey to the examples of
flows that i'm gonna see inside the
samples of old lyrics that i'm gonna see
it's gonna be an ode to dimitri od odi
on the flow yes i'm gonna be goldie on
the flow yes you see me notify you that
you're needing me to just provoke your
mind with the lyrics that i'm gonna be
sending now they throw into 99 i'm gonna
say hey
d people who gon see a pair throw a
thumbs up on the beat and i dare to send
love back to the people in the room hold
up now khan gonna be spitting flying yes
i'm kicking your message like a pigeon
hold up i'm gonna got to hope that i'll
be breaking through the earth with the
lava flows i'm gonna be quaking your
mind i'm going through your skulls and
bones now i took a pull of flows now yes
i'm feeling high now right up in the fly
style that i find now i'm telling you i
do it right now and then right now
becomes every [ __ ] now and then every
moment gonna blast out with my zen and i
tell you that i'm gonna be last when i
be thinking that there is any place to
finish in the first place hold up what
we doing you know that i'm gonna be
spitting you the flows is greatness kind
got the lyrics yes it's so tied up in
the flow
organization i be so incorporated on the
flow that i flow for you i'm gonna tell
you that the words i rap for thee gonna
show you my personality every time i got
an opportunity to be telling you i'm
feeling all the rhyme unity and the bars
that they do off the free that you see
every night yes you turn into me and i
produce a lot of lines that you needed
to see and i be feeling really right
it's the gratitude i find in the way i'm
gonna investigate the thoughts up in my
mind when they tune into me in the
laboratory of my mind and i fly through
your drives through your [ __ ] clouds
dripping you another.com with the dot
file that does stored on your mind with
the previous rhyme we moving on now yes
you need to rewind i'm going to do fly
lyrics off of the top i'm going to be a
beast kind at the bar eatery he's going
to do it no secrecy expose me g yes i
free the flow be your ceo spell it out
eco i got the energy combined old yes
i'm schooling you with the lyrics that i
flow hold up you know that don't get
into the first place of my mind with the
flows that i'm doing get you crazy yes
i'm going to spit your flow [ __ ] hold up
got a reputation for the dope [ __ ] hold
up yes i'm going to be stalwick with the
way i enter logic in my mind and i own
it yes you know this yes you know it's
moving on anyway so just go with the
flow in your mind and i'm showing you
the way i'm philosophizing on top of my
mind and i tell your kind i'm gonna give
you all the watch through the power now
and i'm going to take a walk through
your clouds right now through the
transmission that i'm going to speak
right now yes i'm on my drive right now
yes you're going to see me tired the
thoughts right up in the line how i'm
cruising how i'm flying through the
cables and the cores that you're seeing
yes the energy that i'm speaking going
to be the drive like the ethic of the
work that the maintaining the edits of
the words in my brain and you're gonna
get it really crazy it's the verse gonna
be maintained a little differently
be day three three tune into the way
that i'm gonna speak these threes yes
i'm gonna do it with the highest of
resolution got solutions twice
[Music]
hey shout out to the people throwing the
wild words it's that new [ __ ]
it's that new batch
amazing beat one of my favorite beats
go check out
[Music]
either the first place or breaking
through
the thing was breaking through
um i use that beat
[Music]
and i posted it
so right now it's retired for a little
bit
let me tell you that i'm gonna speak the
fire get the five at the time from the
dual dirt films
hold up yes i'm going to spit the words
ill
kind do it yes i'm going to be hit to
all the hot flows that i do yes i'm fat
like a hippopotamus hold up
show when you want thick skin can't
budge me i trust me only and i speak
these
lyrics that i'm going to beam through my
eyes laser beams be
giving you the bars like lupe homie yes
or no did i do it with the fat flows
cause fiasco's
[Music]
can't i'll be rapping you the things i'm
staring at em every day i'm gonna be
universal like a planetarium you're
gonna see me cause a catastrophe with
the bars yes it's gonna be a flood flow
catastrophe every day as i flow raps i
breathe in my brain and i had to
maintain all the logical freeze that i'm
going to say out to jason smith who
coming through with 5 minus 0.01 doing
exact math homie i'm a rap the love that
i'ma find in my mind not the dude with
the harry mack smile on the hat on the
pfp and you're gonna see me be the guy
who gonna shout out the mod squad k crew
and you're gonna see me just say who i
be all in the chat gonna feel as dope as
me cause i be feeling really dope with
the love and the praying hands that be
throwing up in the club and it's far
that just bumps and they praying on it
twice and i know i'm showing you all i
can't make type of rhymes every day you
know that i'm gonna have the
you know that i'm gonna be feeling so
alive yes i be a scholar learning all my
love in the room and i'm saying who is
the dude who'll be feeling really true
it's the dude ram well i might save a
memory on your drive con going to do it
every day i'm going to be blasting free
ramming through your doors yes i got
warranted to be doing these flows i'm
going to tell ya that i'm showing you
the flow now kind going gonna appreciate
the people that gon love the grind cause
that's my mind that's my me yes you're
gonna see me saying mama mia he gonna
free uh these type of free stuff in his
mind every day inspirational with the
way i'm going to flow inside of my mind
just say you're really cold and it's
slipping on my mind but you know it's
off the lip off the tip of the thought
inside my mind just you almost see me on
the brink of thinking that i'm feeling
really different let's [ __ ] go lfg
they be sending let me get back to it
yes i spit it vicious kinda gonna try to
define supercilius i be super silly with
the lyrics that i'm gonna do it got the
millie in the bars for you you're so
resilient i'm a art you another flow yes
i painted every day can't hang me on the
walls my dude i'm gonna get it off my
brain store it on the [ __ ] clouds
dude hold up what we doing yes i got it
yes i got these lyrics that be so
complicated hold up
we got it we gotta get it we gotta get
it
we're going crazy
let's get back to the words shout out to
the 20 people chilling
see what we doing is this can't be
moving in the line yes i just compliment
discombobulate the people chilling on
the line i know someone just sent the
word a couple lines ago so i'm gonna get
it in my mind i saw it as a memory i
didn't split it all the time but i just
run it back with freeze hold up you know
did i'm gonna flow the dopest kind
giving you osteoporosis god's to do the
dopest lyrics off the top my dude you
know this khan is going to ought to just
suppose it yes i expose it inside my
mind i'm going to say the rare flows off
the top yes i'm going to be wearing
sombreros other rhymes yes it's on the
brim i just spit you all the lyrics that
i'm gonna sing and i tell you that i'm
gonna say this i be feeling so dope at
my equilibrium homeostasis hold up you
know inside your home i go say [ __ ]
cause i be rhyming in the mic and you
gonna hate
and you gon take this yes i'm gonna do
this
yes i'm gonna do the fire thing yes up
in my brain you know the neurons firing
i show you that i'm gonna hurry man ah
spin the flows wet through the storms
got the hurricanes in my dorm and say
what i got to say five flames coming
through with scenes as i'm gonna find
the time to game with the dude kl khan
never took a l though yes you best be
aware that a dual hold up you know that
the dude going to be a rhyme wizard got
it sharp off the dome with the all stuff
though this is magic yes i'm going to be
slipping like a lizard hold up you know
that i'm giving you the flow
yes i'm spitting it so cold
that you tune into the dough
give it to you yes i say this grill you
in the morning got some bacon smothered
my mind with the bread i'm gonna find
yes i'm melted on the line i'll be
butter yes i'm gonna fly right to pull
your mind with the breakfast type of
line see how the mind just flies in the
lines at the other end i know i'm gonna
milk it and i know that i just tell you
that i'm feeling very other you know
like the green grass that you're
thinking of when you're
let me catch you back right now flip
this telling you i'll be a rap flow
gymnast let me let me
just show y'all show y'all that i'm
gonna say flows khan hit it out the park
grand slam like it's baseball i be
basting the way i'm going to ball on
your mind cracking ankles yes i'm going
to make you stall right there hold up
[Music]
jerry no way no chick coming through
what the
[Music]
with the dono we did this beat so
the 4.99
i be feeling oh so
fine shouts out to the guy
it'd be 20 on the line and i'm getting a
lot of love
hold up hold up hold up yes i'm beyond
route to just found out that i'm on a
different type of level cause i'm
getting shout out to khan it's five
dollars thrown on from the line it's
crazy how they gonna tune into me send
love to mike you know the mic that i'm
spitting on and the mic that be chilling
on the room every day when i just kill a
mic you see me flow hold up yes i say
this amazing lyric energy out to jason
see me be in my energy believe me g i'm
gonna be the clean wet flow like a
squeaky g yes you're seeing me cracking
mine like the glass when i'm gonna
confound all of your thoughts with the
raps it'd be dimitri he gonna see me as
i'm parallel to the people hating shouts
i told me it'd be l's coming through you
know that is something else when we tune
to the lyrics that that says hold up
kind gonna never lose shots at kl every
day i'm going peruse my mind kind yes
i'm gonna be feeling so divine when i
got everyone chilling on the rhine hold
up yes i'm gonna see my flex and i'm
gonna locate it on the [ __ ] dns think
so i'm gonna go and serve you another
lyric holder what we doing yes deserve
bro cause he do it off top hold up kinda
gonna got to go inside his mind i pull
out topics yes it's gonna be tropical
with the storm that i'll be raining on
your mind i'm gonna be raining king kong
it's gold off the top of my mind every
time hold up you know that i'll flow
your fat the lines that the rap turning
like a colder sack i get your mind turn
back 360 with the raps now like a vinyl
spin it at the [ __ ] top now
underground sounds bump in your mind i
got the routes in my mind just your best
found out the guy is never going to be
stopping yes i bought bars right up in
your mind till i'm an all-star hold up
you know that i'm going to do things
produce the lyrics like i'm rizzo for
your tang hold the kind showing you the
logic yes i'm spitting you the thoughts
up in my mind i got to produce the beats
is what i meant g hold up yes i'm gonna
speak your other lyrics to breathe
you're gonna need me
yes i'm manufacturer lyrics at my
factory it's never gonna be fractured
how we doing how we doing yes i'm gonna
be moving got a lot to say when they
turn into the conglomerate in my team
and my crew i got goats chilling yes we
gonna know you yes we gonna love you
cause you're gonna bump with the dudes
who'll be spitting through the thoughts
and they blood what we doing yes we
feeling really dope when we be bleeding
you the lyrics that we speaking yes we
breeding you the energy kind telling you
i'm reading
i'll be proving you that i be sitting in
the bro just i'll be few and truth
you're going to see me yes get the
pilling like it's i'll be proofing dude
chill
lost in what we doing spit you what you
needed yes i'm always gonna be moving
[Music]
zakaria that's what i did though
like i used serbia on purposely to imply
server
[Music]
we also did this
yeah zakaria i mean that's that's that's
what i try to do
you know and you caught it
[Music]
see
[Music]
all right all right all right yes i got
to show you
that i'm going to spit the high flow for
y'all
20 people tuned into the lyrics that the
dude always gonna breathe now he be
so crazy with the flow rap through this
[ __ ] kind [ __ ] up upon the beat every
day nine night got time for no
abstinence i'm gonna
in my abiflex i'm gonna be at the core
giving you the muscle through the flow
hold up now
kind going to pokemon acupuncture you
the lyrics oh my god yes you're feeling
better got your chakras looking so
aligned when i speak your letters whoa
telling you i'm gonna end it in with the
lyrical adrenaline boost up in your head
so cynical man smile what we doing i got
time to give a lie the love in the line
and i got the antibodies for the hate
that they thinking they just need to say
order
why we gotta take sides why we gotta win
laws and just take time to think about
the other things that the people gonna
do across the globe i don't know it just
folks with my soul i know
that everyone could just get inside
their mind
to find out what is right it's the love
it's connection that we need
but we got a lot of energy negatively
impacting what we could be
by the power hungry hold up now
[Music]
what we doing yes i'm gonna throw you
the raps is crazy thinking you the round
soul sociopathic i'm gonna be social
with my path kid
shaking up with people tuning into the
lyrics that i'm spoken in this rap [ __ ]
rap your maddest lyrics yes i got the
rhyme flow ball apparatus uh
got the rapper status cause i think it
in my mind yes i know it in my mind i'm
gonna show you that i'm kind i don't
know what rapper or singer or thing
other that be i'm just gonna tell you
that i'm gonna sing your fat freeze and
then maybe talk about something
different that i'd see in my life and
then tied your observations that i try
to just give you when i'm going through
the moments in my life and i'll be
focused on my mind so i be showing you
my mind and you'll be damn like what the
[ __ ] you doing off his mind i'm gonna
tell you
that that has to go i'm going to flex
the flow and try to spit to simo
i couldn't toss it though and in my
opinion
[Music]
some mole rasmus with the flow now yes
i'm going to say the weather slows gone
beat the apex predator hold up no never
needed a pen i just said the word hold
up
[Music]
matthew poultre or poulter gonna tell me
that i'm spitting you the dark word dude
you're so amazing love you and harry
mack love you and harry mack too that's
the [ __ ] fact hold up
yes it's so impractical to be spitting
you the raps i flow off the [ __ ] dome
but i just got the pattern that gone
scatter right up in the throne i'm
winning rings i'm spinning out in orbit
out in saturn
[Music]
see you what you need and singing you
the fire that i'm getting yes i'm
seeding you the trees in this truth
they're gonna be growing to the green to
leave the breezing
[Music]
healthy with the flow it seems i got the
poetry i'm growing you the forestry
yelling for it seems it's holding one my
g
[Music]
shout out to the 26
people in the room
[Music]
how we doing people shout out to saturn
i love going out to saturn with the
scattered patterns and the rap words
never going backwards better do mo get
to pluto
do the math if i add you all the lyrics
off the top we get the graph
hold up did i write a paragraph no said
the paragraphs that i'm looking yes they
stacked to the sky with the time that
that's spent on the rhyme compound
you're a rhyme never interesting i'm
gonna be putting work in time
spend it really plenty so expensive with
the second spend inside my mind
ah give your lessons in these blessings
as i'm preaching you my mind give you
the text got the context for the books
that to learn and the way that the burn
now hold up with the fog that i earn now
hold up yes i do this thing and sing a
little bitty differently my g you're
gonna do it so exquisitely i'm gonna
tell ya that i'm gonna say the fly words
since the thighs words yes i be the
vaporizer of the vapor yes i'm going to
be the rapper i swear that they tune
into the lyrics yes i got a lot of swear
that is gonna be rare yes i never bluff
enough with the way that they say all
the hate i'm just gonna puff puff then
i'll pass you a pass yes i dish it
assisted in your head whoa feeling high
cause it's up benign kicking you a
freestyle at the dot yes i'm spitting
you a curve that gonna traject inside
the mind it's on the scoreboard saying
kind wine cause the number one kind
every day yes i'm getting through the
lyrics in your mind i'm gonna tell you
that i'm feeling really different yes
i'm gonna truly see it yes the spillway
flows inside my skill set hold up yes
i've been wet with the flow i don't drip
in your mankind gonna tell you it's a
hundred lines that i'm doing yes they
gonna be wondering how we do that right
there chilling in my dungeon shout out
to andre and big boy feeling big boy i'm
telling you i'm gonna been dope with the
lines at the speak yo way yes to sing
your chorus kinda like it's silo hey how
you doing today you gonna see me spit
your fluidity you gon know that we be
moving yes you know
speak the lyrics that you need he be
getting clean wet like a squeegee
spitting phrases yes i'm going to
ricochet i got you bumping yes you're
jumping now
off the ball with the mural that i'm
painting with the brushing style
feeling luscious now
got them blushing now
[Music]
got them rushing now where'd the kind be
at yes we gotta hustle now
he just spitting you the mean rap always
flexing his muscle now
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
see
[Music]
how we how we how we doing yes i'm gonna
be falling
on your mind like autumn oh my god i
author
you the lyrics yes i'm switching when
i'm balling intuition that i'm wishing
for gonna be in the moment so i close my
mind and the focus on the flow that
rides in the darkness thought that i'm
gonna be thinking right up in the beat
and with them yes i'm gonna speak it and
you listen evie
[Music]
telling you what bump flames every
monday who's to say that the dude don't
do it again on tuesday yes a win today
i'll earn on wednesday that be 3-0 homie
yes i'm gonna burn flames khan did that
one more time out for thursday i'm gonna
be on a lot of bull it's some 4-0 with
it like chicago bulls whoa yes i'm going
to be turnt tipping on a 4-0 logo with
the way that the flow mode whoa yes i'm
going to fry today cause i got a lot of
lyrics for [ __ ] friday and i say this
raps are swaying your mind on a saturday
you'll be feeling so entertained when he
gonna be at six oh hold up we just
skipped five yes we feel so alive as he
gonna twist minds with the lyrics that
i'm gonna bump from sunday to monday one
more time i say you the lyrics in my
brain gonna go throughout the blood man
i be relatively familiar with the lines
i got energy inside my mind i feel like
einstein i be
showing you that i philosophize the way
i'm thinking gonna make you feel so dope
my god my girl my world you're gonna see
that don't spit into the word that i
breathe yes i'm earning all the time
churning me
thinking bout another way to word a free
they be hurting me
hold up what we doing you know that i'm
going to meet you at the top at the peak
took a peek it's a note that the fly a
little higher
yes you left you're at your state
ah bet on crying now you know that i'm
spitting you the lyrics all style with
the way i'm going to get it like a
converse bumping every rhythm yes you
see the converse stepping on the shine
yes i'm going to be bright as a star i'm
going to say what up i'm going to
converse with the people who gon want
another flower from the god who just
flies all the rhymes in my mind
feeling really aqua man that that see
won't be killing me yes i'm gonna do it
never 50 50. winning 100 at the time yes
i'm gonna get another stack on the line
count it to three i'm gonna split the
classic like a criminal g i'm gonna tell
ya that i do equate to the things you
say be great hold up found the flow
state vote
jesus drop some merch
it's the most aggressive love i've ever
received bro appreciate you
[Music]
i need it i really do
um but yeah 2022 a lot a lot is gonna
happen
let's go let's go let's go let's go you
know that i'm gonna rap to y'all yes i'm
dribbling bouncing you the flows like
it's basketball hold up what we doing
yes they wishing for another flow i'm
gonna be spinning english now it's gonna
be swishing
ah
at the bank the riverbed sleeping on the
floor so wet
huh
[Music]
how we finding the timeless vibes he
gonna be windy or windy i don't know i
be winded i'm tired of the people who be
thinking they be vicious
thinking but they gonna be scripting
things they should be doing at the
moment no you not that dope with all the
floating rhymes that you'll be speaking
get a little better about that
performance too
try to tell them bro
what we doing yes i get a free 27b tune
into the melodies and i birth your all
the raps you know it is the circumstance
that kind is killing you the words and
stances inside his mind the words so
advanced they gonna dance i'm gonna
never leave it idle i be telling you i
believe it i know my idols
[Music]
who the dude who gonna say the lyrics
really showing you it's never gonna
hallucinate i
tell you that you see mirages every day
i'm turning on the page is awful with
the feeling that you couldn't do the
things you thinking
cause you didn't spend the time hold up
so i took my seconds and i'm gonna
invest in the vested rhymes off the
chest i might get off the bench tonight
i'll be telling you it's awfully wet
tonight cause i be swishing you know
back
to the step back to the
wet facts kind of gonna be dripping yes
you know i'm gonna spit it different
thinking right between the lines yes i
padding you the way i'm gonna be playing
and tonight i'll be picking you the
lyrics yes i'm strolling yes i walk down
on a roll yes you know it goes down hold
up what we doing
at the park now flow free stories hold
our shouts out to tony
get it really free it seems
that the dude is speaking you the freest
mean thoughts
that be thinking near nba top 75 i'm
gonna tell you that i'm feeling clever
tonight i got to show you
it ain't that big deal homie they just
found a random way to
knock down at 76 or whatever
[Music]
when it's all subjective and dependent
on the time period and
there's no right answer and that's the
reason why it's very popular because
everyone can argue forever
because there is no right answer
so
but yeah i'll definitely scheme on nba
like dope nba players regardless
i just want to get my quick nba top 75
taken man come on
peace out rick
[Music]
hold up hold up hold up hold up hold up
you know dead i'm going to be kicking
tiki taka flavor full i'm cooking like
some chicken masala chicken tikki masala
damn i lost it
what we doing yes i'm gonna speak this
hi sending love out to phoenix ah
showing you there is potential in meat
yes i meet you with the beef brilliant
homie shake up hold up what we doing
shake mo spice on the meat that we
grilling up got the bars on cure yes you
gonna see me grill the flow up got some
barbecue they got the bars grilled on it
hold up what we doing so direct with the
flows i'm gonna be spitting yes it's wet
now better watch out yes the floor is
wet yes you're slipping yes you're
dancing to the wives i'm bonus scent now
khan you just got more subs from my
franchise of matthew paul to spread in
the word that i'm going say yes you know
we gonna get a little better with the
dudes who be gone be sending love to the
people yes we gon be feeling so elite
it'd be easy to find a teal you know
that i tell ya let them see it through
my eyes although let that expel through
the comment section that i try to tell
ya you know that i'm gonna bump you the
lyrics on the hurry yes some dishes
wishing like it's curry i'm wishing to
be finding clay yes it's moldable with
the energy that we lay on the court
cause the gravity that we maintain gonna
fold the doors in a different way got to
double know got the triple double oh
hold up what we doing felt so easy bro
we won
other rings gonna be vibing inside the
knowledge that the blend
show you that i'm gonna spit it through
my soul oh whoa you know that is
dribbling dancing like it's basketball
whoa hold up
congo on the double dribble yes i spit
the rhyme twice yes you're gonna need
rewind and call that a double dribble
spiritual lyrics never scribble
fiddlestring and you're the riddles
got the theories yes i'm into the
thoughts i'm gonna be speaking yes i'm
breathing yes i'm swishing yes it's oh
so dope when i'm yelling colby
getting in the trash can got one right
there it's actually a basket man hold up
[Music]
is this not a fire trash can guys
[Music]
see what we doing you know that i'm
gonna tell ya
it'd be 23 people in the room tune into
the lyrics that i'm gonna spell ya
what we doing kinda gonna tell your
daddy gonna be intimidated but i'll show
you that i'll be the dude who gonna find
these flows for you
barbecue the act of grilling bars
exactly
see i like the playoff the bars are in
queue
they're on cue
at the barbecue as i'm grilling you the
bars
see what you'll be needing is a sweeter
type of reason to just keep just tuning
into all the things the dude is saying
cause he do it very different than you'd
ever heard before incontinence giving
you the flow i opted
[Music]
opting into the flow i do it just the
sequences expose all the consequences as
i'm killing you with lows whoa hold up
kind spit the frequency your flow say
high yes i'm wavy isolated in the flow
suppose khan broke out now we fly round
the globe with the global going through
my mind what's a flow homeos i'm giving
you a rhyme in a rhythm with the notes
that you're hearing on your line you
know all the instrumentals that be
blending all the layers that connect
will make a sound that create a little
core that them bounce in your brain and
you're gonna feel the energy moving in
your body's ex
actually crazy homie how the music gonna
find your body and it's moving and you
do it all night long and it's gonna be
like all the bars that the rhyme bro yes
without the flow then what do you got
bro hold up
it's the states in your mind it's not
just the things you're going to say on a
rhyme yes you need to feel all the waves
that can bounce in the sound that's so
announced i'll pronounce y'all the noun
vowel pronouncer cause you gonna say the
dude is so hot when he just killed the
beat you gon see me hop i'm never gonna
stop now till i'm at the top i'm gonna
tell y'all that i'm gonna put you in a
spell now got the magic lyric for yes i
do y'all one better with the flow that
i'm gonna do now 22 got the plenty cool
lyrics all proud of the way i'm feeling
though cause i got the villain who tuned
into me it's the people killing with
their time ah you know they don't
chilling no debate he be the free spit
the yes i got the flow so creative when
i speak yes i see the clarity yes all
the rare freeze is going to be blaring
inside your mind khan is going to do it
yes the stairway to the top to the
heavens yes i need no lead i'm zipping
ah rocking like led zeppelin
popping all your blimps kid flying high
sky high with the vibes i try
[Music]
see what i must show you'll get it
whether with those i'm doing at the
center of my
[Music]
yes you see it next it be us cause the
kind gonna bust trust let the duel take
a flow switch adjust your mind to a
different level inside of the love
ah
how we doing
how we how we doing
[Music]
you know that we moving
to a different level now
[Music]
don't be the feeling
that i'm feeling right now here's this
picture all the flow
going to tune into the things i'm going
to tell
saying hey to the homie
less i be telling you that you just need
to pay less only seconds of your time
for the great bless that you're feeling
right up in your mind when i say this
shout out to the dude gonna tune in to
the lyrics if you knew her too nearly
yes you witness all the lyrics that i'm
spilling in your mind you're feeling
better cause you're chilling with the
reason that you
gonna be feeling better yes it's gonna
be shout out to michael from jerry no
way no it's all noche four nine nine
coming through from the homemade
carrie p burn mule rick aston berg my g
gonna be tuning to the lyrics that done
spewing now shout out to the homie
chillin yes you know it's y'all
i
got your these things so amazing man
blazing yo these flames in the layman's
terms if you carry k tune into the
lyrics that does say it be
like the con crew yes i'm gonna got to
show you all the love i do love do grow
up in my mind i got to show you that i'm
feeling wrote with the dual newer then
we started with newer then we came back
to noah yes that's a rewind
hold up what we do we get it done
feeling in the line every day it's the
everyone chilling to the guy who'll be
telling you the what you'll be needing
every night cause i'm speaking you the
things that you're needing and my reason
is cause i'm feeling so dope when they
tuning to the guy who'll be spewing your
rhyme if you puren your volcan gonna be
curing your mind's eye i show you that i
had to show you all this talent shout
out matthew
shouts out brian and kong coming through
with the five that i spew on the line to
be blue the opposite of the way we
feeling
[Music]
shouts out to the reasons
that i'm doing the flow right now
it's the people
who just tune in to me
say you're new to him
hey what we doing yes i'm gonna be
flying
shout out to brian
go sing songs
out to income i'm inclined to be in
khan's mind every night i'm blending all
the confines of the rhymes i'm going
combine con find
it's the key it's the door that just
open when i'm flowing you my streams
twitching for another lyric yes i'm
switching your positions just the
composition of the kind
put your impositions in your mind
that you never knew existed before you
gone know that the spill it mo shout out
to the jerry legendo hold up switch the
syllables around it's the legendary no
jay don't you say khan got the flow
great tune into the way i'm spitting you
the lyricist i'm gonna be flame far
every night just no extinguishing the
guy no relinquishing the might no hold
up got linguistics that don't speak and
yet this
yes i'm going to be wishing for another
intuition hold up what we doing yes i'm
wishing that the swish and then you
don't what did you thought yes it's
going to be wet with the flow through
the net that's the internet yes you're
going to see me as i'm into webbing
flows i'm swimming yes i'm webbed with
all the steps i'm taking hold of what we
doing get it greater
now you're cheesing
[Music]
how we doing how we doing how we doing
you gonna find kind spit it to you all
night long shout outs out to the door
brian in kong i might tell you that i'm
feeling so strong cause dude comes
through with the full nine-nine and it's
never blue now i got the dollars in the
room now jerry no way he be tuned in to
me say you the lyrics all know che long
don't you say the strong lyric one more
night hold up but i did it already bro
i'm gonna keep it steady bro never gonna
be rocking yes i'm swimming through the
oceans of the notions that i'm riding
and y'all gonna know that there's gonna
be my brother from the oc saying what's
g how we doing who to do with fluid yes
i got the movement yes you gon know it
gonna be different shots are too new
tune into the new stuff that i'm gonna
do what did you thought this was homie
you know that i'm rapping yes i'm gonna
exclamating points that i'll be slamming
right up in your mind i'm gonna be
dunking yes i'm gonna be shocking never
fooling around with the flow you're
gonna know that i'm seriously dope bro
you know yes i'm top five on your place
bro except i'm not
five actually i am five
and one and four two three hold up yes i
do with three goats switch it up four
five number one not be with the flow
tonight you know i done this fine you're
gonna see me
done to find the rhymes i be about the
paper i be done the myth and never
missing on the flow yes i'm gonna be
smoking on the spliff and i'll be
lifting you with sifted type of lessons
that i'm seeing what we doing it's a
fissure shaking it's incisions i'm
making cutting on the lyrics yes
decisions that be blazing in the fire
through the flow that i be spitting
ain't it kind
playing scrabble with the lyrics that
i'm gonna be spitting you got letters
and lyrics mixed up in the things i'm
gonna be thinking dude let me just show
you that i do all of the flow that
you're gonna want and i do fine
red and blue like magenta hold up but
that's purple hold up we on a different
agenda i be blending colors with the
lyrics that i'm
done hold up
you know that the kind gog on dance
lines kind of like a [ __ ] con guy got
the weight all up on my shoulders yes i
lend you a hand i'm going to tell you
that i'm going to get you to dance hold
up
[Music]
see what we do and you know that i burn
proud fire up the mind every time i flex
when i work out yes the vents of the guy
yes they fencing me but they can't poke
my mind on me intruding yes through your
buds i'll be going yes i'm gonna be
moving hold up let me think of another
way to do this deduce it introduce you
to the things i'm going to produce
inside the line pro with the deuces that
i'm taking hold of yes i roll it deuces
guess i'm living kind one more time in
the moment that defined in my mind whoa
kind of feeling like a paradise couldn't
tell me how to live right now i'm gonna
show ya
[Music]
yes i'm gonna flow ya
what you needing it be bright and calm
with the mole of five come through
strong as i got the fire celebrating
strong get some popping champagne called
the campaign on a campaign to be
presidential with the flows i sang hold
up now in your residential then you're
local tell your dad i'm best with all
the lyrics and the vocals i tell you
that i'm spitting clever stuff and you
know you're gonna see everyone on stream
showing support to the guy you better
port yes i'm docked in the usb test me g
with the files that they're stored i'll
just show you that i'm best with freeze
hold up what we doing yes invested in
the time now i'm gonna tell you that i'm
growing you the trees this is trees
that's with the rules i'm gonna be
seated in you
[Music]
hold up what we doing yes i'm gonna let
go where the flow far gone get yo toby
tune into the lyrics yes they gonna say
get go fire fire in the room and i'm
gonna let you know
that i'm doing really different as i rap
today come pull your income
[Music]
the lyrics hold up just learn that word
what an awesome aura that you have hold
up yes exploring in my mind for the love
that i'm throwing to matthew poulter
who'll be telling me about my aura
holder i'll be such an awe with the way
they gonna throw the love and you know
you're gonna see me awfully define all
the awfully hot lines i got to define
kind each and every line now yes the
definition of the kind gonna get you
high yes i'm gonna be a doctor
yes you're going to see it clearly think
about it yes i'm teaching you i'll be
phd hold up
going to tell you there to speak my
lines every day fly antics it's the fire
tactics that i do yes i'm going to be
aerodynamic with the flow so dynamic
hold up moving through the wind moving
through the breezes and the chemicals
inside the rhythm that you need and hold
up what we doing now yes i'm oscillating
waving high isolated in the greatest
mind
[Music]
hold up what we doing
see i'm going to flow the raps for you
show you clearly read it in your zodiac
for you
show your future show your past show
your energy your need and your mind see
you need some certainty that you're
feeling fine so i'm going to birth or
free in your mind that'll live long
hypno consists of the positivity that
that spits gonna move you differently
inside your vision kid ah
show you how to breathe show you how to
breathe positivity i be living through
my life g giving you the fine free that
i'm thinking on
ah spit the cold flow i see and you see
what i see every time i spit my vision
on
what we doing yes i might be the guy who
gon likely hit you in the dome
yes i know it's so enticing to just not
act nice but you need to [ __ ]
what we doing you know that i'm going to
spit it quick and you're my kind going
to be repping you the lyrics never going
to resent you tonight i'm going to
represent you tonight you've changed my
day around you know that's found that
the door gonna spit so profound gonna be
a pro with finding out how to be you is
your centering in your mind and soul
hold up whoa
showing you i got the flex i might just
wrap it for it
[ __ ] with all the lyrics that i'm gonna
find now hold up
gonna be flowing yes i'm gonna fade back
swish like the rosin uh spit your cold
flows frozen ah singing to your soul
ben's hold up
yes i'm going to be in best got the king
yes i got my daughter yeah she'd be a
princess
[Music]
but you know my soul's so icy as i see
what the world gonna do they going a
blind day to the real truth so i better
open your minds to the way you need to
move now
[Music]
how we doing yes i'm
going to be
[Music]
speaking to the open eyes it's a no that
my soul defines that i'm gonna be
spitting you delirious yes i'm frozen in
the states my mind so i need to spit the
fire yes it does because it's peter in
the rhyme cause he's coming for a time
hold up coded so encrypted in the lines
that be looping through the rhymes
[Music]
i feel like we've slowed it down i feel
like we've slowed it down enough
i feel like we got it turned up it's
been an hour and six minutes
[Music]
television saying that's a rat rap
and i'm saying it's a rat rat
you know it's a
rat rap for the people thinking that
they rap rap
see when kind spit it's a rat rap for
the people thinking they gon rap rat
ah turn your mind around yes you're
gonna snap that's fat with the poetry
off the [ __ ] snap back off the cap
hats gonna be twisted when i spit it yes
i'm gonna do it it's my vision to be
vicious he's gonna vivify eyes kill a
beat yes revive yes you know i'm gonna
survive be the last one
on the line every day that i'm gonna be
spitting you with that songs and i take
a chance on my mind i'm gonna show you
that i'm spitting you the soul divine
and i'm getting to a lyrical level that
be so high that i didn't even know it's
existed man hold up now yes they're
gonna be a rap rap when the con spit
thinking they gon rap rap nah cause i'm
gonna be just spittin yes i'm going to
tell you that you need it yes
institutionalized
ah yes it's going to be a rat rap
thinking they gonna be spitting you
these rap raps damn lost the hook yes i
got you lost inside of your mind yes up
in the nooks and crevices imma find all
the crooked and the g that knock unwind
that line right together in the rhythm
into time yes you know the puzzle
looking different need a piece tonight
yes you know i'm at the center yes i'm
finding where i find all the lyrics that
reside and then make it side to side
move yes rewind the movement in your
body every night kind gonna entertain
you with the flow that gon maintain you
in a different state of level
in your brains you're gonna see me spit
you all the lyrics and i need these
lyrics and i'm spitting you the lyrics
it be needed when they spitting very
shallow yes i need deep
thoughts upside my mind yes it's gonna
be a rap rap
ah
thinking they got the rap rap nah homie
yes it's gonna be a rat rat when the
cons [ __ ] of this rap rap you know that
i'm gonna get you the rap facts kinda
gonna do it yes i make contact then i'll
rap that smack that back type lyrics to
your snapback
thinking it's a rap rap when they spit
it you know they don't even got facts
they just viewing all the things they
read inside that magazine around but
they gonna hurt that back one time and
they know they gonna get that copy paste
it and they mine but they saltwack
got to do yourself homie what we doing
got to be the best homie if you're
trying to do
different things you better congregate
inside your soul hold up let me switch
up the beat and go to the comment back
hold up what are we doing
try to get into the ins inside that hook
[Music]
that i lost the hook
ah
sometimes you're taking out you know
[Music]
occasionally
occasionally you might need to take a
nap
[Music]
hold up what we doing let me wrap you
this here rhyming my mind breaking
through the atmosphere i'm intertwined
with the lyrics that that's still right
up in your mind just this hot flames
here in your mind now breaking through
your ceilings tonight i'm feeling so
dope with the people in line now i tell
you that i'm gonna spit it yes i'm gonna
show you all the truth in good spirits
cause you're gonna know that i'm always
honest never spoke a lot no yes i
compromised it
if i did
let me tell you that i'm gonna be in
cons bid you all the expensive flows
every day it's gonna sound so
incomprehensible
[Music]
you know that they kind they pretend
they swole
you know like khan like lie you know i'm
gonna be a con of your time as i'm still
in your minds inside this rhymes that i
find inside the lines tonight i'm gonna
got to show you that i got a lot to
prove
like can i spit it off the top with
toons every day it's back to back to
back to back to back to back with raps
that's fact you know the facts that wrap
your mind inside of the gifted presence
that you feel tonight when you just hear
the lessons that he be teaching tonight
you're gonna see me reaching yes i'm
breaching your soul you're gonna know
i'm getting to a different type hole
you're gonna see me
spit your all elections that i vote for
presidential yes i make connections
shaking hands i'm kissing babies
hugging brains with sweeter phrases
yes i'm spitting you the know this i'm
on the edge with the gifted tomb
learning deep bro burning these flows
burning trees bro feeling high now hi
now how you doing find sounds in my mind
now
show you that i'm going to find out that
we feeling really right now cause the
dude gonna be moving in your mind now
and he's saying how you feeling fine now
yes i'm speaking you my mind every night
now
show you that i made my mind now i'll be
flying right right to the top now what
we doing
rap you the lyrics and i know i take
your breath away like vacuum
[Music]
how we move it
yes i stack toons can't do it yes it's
very fat dude out the lips i don't wanna
spit the lipids
spit the vicious infinite with limits
on the tangent for a while yes i'm
waving you the sign that you need to say
hi to the guy cause he gonna be great
with the rhymes
[Music]
what we doing yes i'm feeling fray
you're never that strong with the flows
yes i'm swimming and i know i'm oceanic
like a killer whale
i'm going to kill a whale
i don't know why probably with the flame
fly flows that i'm going far in the
ocean i would evaporate now it be
grilling all the fishes
you know
[Music]
kinda gonna do it yes a heart fun all
the thoughts in my mind playing you this
heart now cause i'm gonna be stringing
you the theories that i warp inside
different states of mind that i'll be
entering hold up now
uh
how we doing people
i was feeling that one
i can't slow it down that much
brian kong is
flexing on them right now
[Music]
god damn bro coming through with the 10
because we going level
level up it's one up one up
something feeling different
when the dude is spitting
[Music]
hold up yes is 10 maintain the lyrics
yes it is a 10 out of 10 every time he
gonna attend all the lyrics that he
blend lend you a hand
len drew my head land you my zen
ah
lend you my pen
keep it homie i don't need it homie let
me tell you that i'm spitting you the
free the flowy going to tell you that
i'm growing up you're going to see the
story that i'm going to bump jump in
your mind what what you'll be feeling
something divine now cause i'm godly
with the lyrics and i tell you swell
thought that gone swell flex yes i level
up you're gonna see me lvl like
lose
vision no
[Music]
you're gonna lose vision lost or
loom
lust
lustful vibes
wayne
[Music]
hold up what we doing
[Music]
yes there's gonna be 25 people to the
plenty fly lyrics that i'm doing yes i
get it off right off off her mind and
it's steady now yes i'm going to ready
rock y'all with the rocket type vibes
that are spitting in the pocket yes i'm
changing now yes the flow is strong with
this one you're going to know i'm going
to be going on yes i'm going to tell you
that i'm going to be bouncing the asses
yes i'm going to go announce the facts
i'm going to control your mind control
the vibe playing games with the way they
be bouncing all the minds hold up all
right let's move on if you turn from the
duel yes we move strong khan gonna do it
yes it fills me with rage when they do
not see me take a flow i'm gonna
infiltrate all their brains with the
lyrics that they gonna say damn how we
do that right there off the [ __ ]
brain cause it's gonna make your sway
maintain entertainment maze is gonna
straighten as i'm gonna find time to get
the path locked down on the con pass
hand you're my compass get your [ __ ]
lost hold up now kind showing you the
lines that are spitting off the top you
know we're moving strong hold up yes i
got on a different level yes i give you
all this jargon in the jar yes the lids
gone off top with the flow yes your
mouth so a jar hold up
[Music]
what we doing yes i'm going to do it in
your skull i'm going to sing a song
can't take a pull out a bigger bong i'm
smoking yes i'm lifted off the crown oh
hold up yes i'm feeling dope and con
mine hold up yes i'm going to do the
blessings khan always going to learn the
valuable lessons
you know level up you know lvl yes i'm
going to speak the lyrics till you're
feeling swell kind showing you i'm going
to bake the raps in my mind i'm cooking
ovens yes i'm going to take the facts in
my mind yes i'm going to spit the
blissful phrases kind of be shaking
hands and then kissing babies
tell you that i'm going to got it in my
mind i'm so high on it like narcotics
showing you i'm never going to be narc
showing you who i be yes i police you
all your thoughts cause i'm speaking you
the truth that you'll be needing when i
how we doing yes the fans come through
from the duel yes i'm feeling lucky that
they gonna [ __ ] with me every time i'm
gonna utter a freeze i'm gonna be
buttered with freeze i'm gonna be
melting yes i'm breaded bout the money
with freeze i'm gonna show ya that i'm
gonna do true flows in your noodles
feeling bamboozled
[Music]
yes i'm feeling pretty loose now yes i'm
going to teach her your thoughts
twist it up now yes i'm going to tighten
all the logic in your mind now yes i'm
going to thread the lyrics into all the
ropes now i'm climbing yes i'm finding
high how you doing top vibes in your
[ __ ] mind i'm top wrong on the dna
you're gonna see me speak your phrase
i'm gonna do it that's the balls gonna
land in your mind yes i'm keeping steady
with the swole little lines hold up what
we doing decimate the whole vibe cause
i'm killing on this mic every day you
try to tell me that i'm getting elevated
with the bars yes i'm lifting all your
mind to the better lines
[Music]
we did this we did this
kind of flowing like water
when i do freeze
[Music]
finish the bar
hey
10 10 con points to
whoever finishes the bar kind of flowing
like water when he do freeze
[Music]
hold up you know that i'm gonna spit a
great word khan gonna be cooking up
after refrigerator cause it's cold and
it's hot and it's gonna be daikon tummy
you're the kind i'm gonna be different
now i'll show ya that i'm gonna bump
you're my vision yes the rhymes always
have this [ __ ] juxtaposition cause i
just take positions in the lyrics that i
throw yes i'm twisting all the balances
inside your [ __ ] dome it's a
challenge to be at the status of the
raps i'm blasting cause i'm thinking of
a different level in the maps that the
plan just i'm gonna show you that i'm
gonna spit your lyrics and you're gonna
go up to another level yes i'm gonna get
it so unforgettable
till you're dead i'm gonna get the flow
inside my mind and then i'll forge
another letter for you bro i'm gonna be
a word smith and i tell your phrases
khan is gonna get your elevated hand and
else the people hating
got the vibes and the flames peace out
to the main to be chilling to the lyrics
that i'm gonna go say hold up
no one finished bar so i need to do it
myself i guess hold up
showing you the logical flows yes i'm
going to ace you test your hold up time
flowing water like you do freeze hold up
yes i lost it when i move me come
flowing like water when they do freeze
kicking you're my
yes i get it very scary learn it yes
it's young childish elementary with the
way i'm gonna create the scary phrases
in my mind i creatively just let go of
who i be and who i need to think i need
to be and just give it to you straight
my g immediately inside the lyrics yes
i'm going to mediator free inside your
mind i'm going to be media with freeze
you're going to see me never beefing
though yes i'm eating more on feasible
yes i'm speaking me when i've exposed
who i be when i be spitting flows yes
i'm going to paint a picture this my
compo position yes i'm going to switch
the situations bro
[Music]
do we do this too
do we do this
we definitely do
oh my goodness this beat this youtube
playlist is not
shuffling correctly only giving me beats
that i've done actually this is wild
is my internet [ __ ]
let me tell you that i'm moving
let me just choose it
different cause we did this
[Music]
let's do this one
[Music]
hold up hold up
what we doing
go up go up
in the room who knew that the door gonna
move right now you know cause you're
torn too all the lyrics are attuned to
how you feeling when you move close yes
you're gonna groove grow choose me yes
i'm going cruise you'll throw streaks
driving yes i'm gonna be turning on the
pages of the words that i be always
blurting hold up
spit you all the lyrics and the rap [ __ ]
kind gonna get up in your mind i hope i
transmit through the energy throughout
the wires through the sky throughout the
breeze
so you can hear me clearly
if be kanji hold up yes it's 5g yes i'm
gonna give you all these stacks of my
rhymes and i know then i'll spit it to
your facts yes i'm gonna ride slow hold
up this is foggy yes i'm going to forge
these lyrics off the top g wireless with
the way i'm going to speak these flying
inside the lyrics that i'm speaking hold
it yes we going to slow down the y 5 and
you're going to see your 3g hold that
that be three stacks hold up yes for
kante shout out to andre i'ma tell you
that i'm gonna got fast here it stopped
my mind yes i'm feeling like an outcast
cause no one doing all the proud raps
that i'm gonna blouse man what's blast i
don't know i'm gonna found out that the
words that i'm spitting don't need to
make sense it just needs to make your
head bounce hold up car going to tell
your heat feeling so pronounced
distilling you the fresh flow no
chemicals in it bro it's pure water with
the way i picture all the dope rivers in
my mind i'm going to tell you that they
in their beds sleeping on the guy with
the lyrics that i'm going to set inside
your mind i'm gonna tell you that khan
is busting with the rhymes every day i
blow your mind it's combustion every
time i rhyme yes you trust him cause he
gonna take a vibe smiles going adjusting
stop the room hold up this just in dude
gonna spit it out so all the dudes named
justin cause your name was just in the
bar that i just bit hold up what we
doing how you wondering that i'm gonna
be moving i got like a hundred things
i'm gonna be spitting in the line and
i've done this every second of my mind
every day for like a lot of time i don't
even know what i'll be doing sometimes i
just get the file from the guy who be
tuning yes they gonna rewind 2d moving
who to do to god all these true [ __ ] yes
you're going to see me speak the
movement that you're going to be needing
yes a word say yes i might slay your
mind with the word play yes i'm going to
play with the l's and i'm going
connected yes it's going to be w and i'm
going to word it out out to marlin for
the craft homie yes i'm going to build
it inside of these raps homie yes i'm
spitting you the lyrics yes i fat flow
free every day it's gonna be fife phone
me it's gonna be flying out the sky
dying on the mic i'm gonna be on it and
you gonna find it it'd be iconic who gon
flex flows smiling three times in it
saying let's go hold up triple in your
love yes you're gonna see me tiptoe and
i go toe to toe with this crypto
you know the [ __ ] toe you know the
one that stepped on when i spit the flow
you know the one that broke you know
that i just spoke you the things you gon
be needing yes i'd be the top guy yes
you're gonna say the blokes crazy with
the [ __ ]
rhymes
got fear tossed in the trash can to be
top tier car never stop and he expand
man yes i never pander to the people yes
i'm going to ponder all the answers in
the way we live in yes is frame by frame
oh he spit in you his movie but it gonna
be reality it be reality as i switch out
the lyrics that i do rap it free
[Music]
uh
[Music]
oh basil tea
shout out to basil t who probably got my
best performance yet
um
the best omegle performance yet
in a few weeks bro i got a couple
episodes
before i got i got to make sure it
levels up
that's like you know
[Music]
see what we doing
need a second head i don't know what
that means
shout out to the 30 people tune into the
words that are free
you know that i'm going to tell your
raps inside your mind be a hella rapper
hold up
the beat didn't hit guys come on come on
and it's in the playlist so you know
what it has
[Music]
hold up what we doing yes i get the flow
sticky on it yes i'm shocking so
electrical ah speaker flow you know i
get the trick stored and i'm gonna drip
it yes i let it trickle
[Music]
what we doing kind spitting you around
truly so divine and i rap you the facts
that i thought of i'm gonna scatter all
the patterns got love
for the people yes they shape it hard i
just shape it in the letters that go
bound through the art in the sound that
gone produce when dude is gonna bump all
the rhythms that he gonna layer and he
got me feeling in a mind state that i'm
gonna be feeling really right hey how we
doing it to the people in it you know
that i'm gonna be spitting you the
lyrics never grimace khan travel to your
mind i do pilgrimage ah yes i'm never
gonna pillage any village shouts out to
the old school type of things that the
people did but not really shouts out
glad that doesn't happen as much but it
probably still does so we should
probably stop that what's that about
khan moving through the lyrics in my
mind i'm going to show you that the
speedify to the guy who'll be tuned in
on i be claiming that i'm pro but i do
just fine thoughts that i do proclaim
might not be true on everyone else is
bond so i'm gonna be the clever guy to
just put it on blind and then they gon
tune in on khan and then maybe i'll just
connect to goats who just spit it off
the dome and then they gon know about
though he'll be also really dull but
just figured out that i do that off the
dome [ __ ] but knew i'd be doing this
you're gonna see me as i do it so
complex kid yes i'm going to turn your
different complexions
[Music]
what we doing con gonna flow great y'all
posh gonna know that the feeling's so
okay yes i'm gonna throw these lyrics
centers propane as i'm gonna tell you
that i'm gonna spit the lyrics and i
might just say that i might behave a
little different when i'm flowing like a
tidal wave making waves on title but you
know i'm never closing naps i'm gonna be
appetizing yes i'm going to be raising
all these funds and i'm going to tell
you that i do it great when i just spun
you the lyrics in my mind and you know
it's first round i got to like the f
round i don't know what [ __ ] up sounds
and you know we growing yes we building
all these tech companies i don't know
what really is happening all these
things that ain't essential wanna make a
lot of money that's how you know that
the money not really worth something go
inside your mind and figure out what
really changes lives and then do that
till you could
[Music]
so
[Music]
[Applause]
found out how to be on his route now
i'll be stepping and you know it's gonna
bounce bounce now kind do it yes i'm
gonna announce i'm gonna do it very
clearly off the top of my mind just some
mountains with the fountains that i'm
dripping off the top now uh storming
you're the rain yes you know i'm gonna
rain king kong in it man yes i got the
land yes i'm emperor yes i'm throwing
you the love with the ember words it's
the fire word yes it's every december
with the word you know it's new year
with the new free and i do steer all the
oogies dope type of flows to the people
who gonna see me
he be metered in the line i'm to get it
yes i'm going to be measuring up to the
line yes i'm going to be ruling in it
yes i'm going to be sticking on your
mind yes i'm going to be adding letters
right together with the rhyme yes i'm
going to equate to all the functions
that you're needing on your mankind got
the conjunctions of the rhymes and i'm
going to find time to spit it always and
never all always adding you the flow
hold up never subtracting unless you the
dude who'll be hating on the rhymes that
i do just do up in the line that i just
find inside my mind you know what i find
when they tune into the lyrics that i
steady multiply and you're gonna see me
get it in my mind i'm gonna try to show
you that i'm spitting you the dearest
imma show ya that i got the flow so
versatile guess i'm gonna do the verses
till i [ __ ] die till i'm gonna tell
you that they put me on their tiles
mosaics of the khan is going to be
hanging on their walls cause he be
spitting you the lyrics right up in your
dorms they'll be curing all your souls
and you're gonna know
that i'm doing this rap [ __ ] con in this
foundation so established i'm gonna
found greatness intertwined with the way
your combined rhymes yes i'm going to
detect it like it's bon 907 i'm gonna
bump you to heaven you gon know that
you're gonna be jumping to the clever
lyrics that i'm gonna do who knew that
i'm gonna say boom in the lyrics it's
your boon i don't know what boon means
but you know i'm gonna say bull scare
you with the freeze and i tell ya that
my skulls on fire never need a ghost
rider though hold up what we doing
bouncing your mind and i know that i got
the rhyme bureau working really fast no
bureaucracy with all the speed of all
the lyrics that are speaking yes you
know we so connected with the way we
gonna be moving in our lives and in our
heads cause we be speaking what we need
and yes we gonna be breeding positivity
you need in and i tell ya that we
working in cohesion with the leaders so
incorporated in the things i'm speaking
oh hold up yes i'm thinking how to move
through the earth and i'm showing you we
feeling really proud of the things we
gonna do yes i spit you all these floods
just the weather or not type lyrics in
my blood and i show you that i'm gonna
bite then i bark and i send love out to
all the guys named clark and the guys
named clay and the people in the way
that be hearing me just say all the
lyrics in my mind and you know i got the
art home yes i'm going to save those
kind blowing up your mind kind of like a
claymore hold up blowling lyrics and i
know that it's thicker with the golden
things i'm going to be spitting in the
bars that be encroaching in my mind and
i'm so engrossed in the things i'm going
to be toasting i'm cooking all the fire
that they throw in hold up you be
flowing hold up i'll be moving hold up
you'll be knowing that the door gonna
speak proud khan always on his rhyme
never need to reroute i'm showing you
they gon regress to me
know what i mean
[Music]
ah
let's go
hype train
there's a hype train of energy that i
see in the free
oh we could do oh we could have done
that
[Music]
hold up hold up you know you know you
know you know
[Music]
we be feeling right i should probably do
some triplet lives like some trap vibes
didn't really do that right
yes i need to try it yes i need to test
it yes i'm going to be flying with all
of these blessings and i'm going to be
speaking you the things i'm testing yes
i'm acing
shots on television stats i knew what to
do see my [ __ ] vision yes i show ya
it be 23 in room and i go up to the
lyrics that pursue and i know i'm always
on pursuit to just tell you that i do
feel so better when you move with the
letters i just choose in the lyrics that
i move in the rhythm and just
know that the dude is always gonna rap
always gonna be the cat who gonna be
here when you're gonna need a little
elapse of time and you're gonna be lost
in your mind when you're gonna need a
little bit of pause
in your life like positivity never pause
the positivity i'm no claw scratch with
my paws you see it's me khan
fly these lyrics yes i see a heart g it
be flowing through the blood yes i keep
hundred a truth up in my line on these
nice beats i be
moving in your mind yes i'm gonna be ivy
powerful tonight and i'm gonna tie these
lyrics in your mind ivy getting through
the grief that i see when i'm getting
through the loss that might be
existing in the life in the globe things
happen yes you need to know
[Music]
it ain't all in your control
so you can't move on but first know that
what you're feeling all right cause
you're going through
a lot of things up in your mind and your
heart might be broken but you know it's
going to tie together threaded with the
ropes of love you're going to be feeling
when you're thinking about the things
that make you feel it
you know
the things that make you heal
inside your soul
[Music]
see
what we gonna tell you gonna be the
spell to kill the things you're gonna be
needing in your mind and i'm gonna belt
loud with the help i'm gonna be spitting
off the top with my vibe and i'm gonna
tell y'all that the feeling really swell
y'all as the blood is swelling growing
through my mind now hold up i'ma throw
you all the flows and you know that the
heart gonna always be exposed now
take you all these poses now
so you know it is the day that the dude
is gonna spit the phrase right up to the
people in the lane so discombobulated
and i'm gonna do this khan gonna be
bobbing in the flow he gonna be bopping
in the flow i'm gonna be
never
[Music]
triple oracle who sees me being oracle
i'm going to spill the shouts out and
it's yo out to willis and i will this
inside the line all my will it's the
legacy that i left online for y'all
[Music]
see i'm gonna be moving see i'm gonna be
choosing you the things i'm doing
[Music]
doing this it's the kind guy who'll be
spitting you i love the lines that
[Music]
[Music]
say now i promise
i'll tell you all these lyrics off the
top of all my minds now say in that
guess i don't know what that is but i'm
just gonna tell you that i'm gonna wrap
this it's goon it's gonna sound cool yes
you're gonna ride with the sound fool
every day i'm gonna go crash yes i'm
gonna slash on guitar with the way i'm
tuning all of these guitar solos right
up in your mind and the bars that
they're called in the
logical accord the dhamma
throw up in your coordinates
or coordinates it's crazy how i'm going
to spit the rhyme ordinances i'm
going to flow the vicious oh hold up you
did it
this is neat yo hansen tune into the
room and it's much love too y'all yes we
going to bloom with the love that we
feeling in our hearts that be flowing
through our veins as you know it's never
gonna be in vain as i'm settling through
the love that i'm feeling in my veins
that dumb
showing you today p3 hearts would be
blue red green rgb
got to see
me on your screen
on your video with the light ib shining
when i'm streaming hold up what we doing
yes you're gonna be reading all the
coded title creatures of the [ __ ]
things i'm gonna be sending through the
interwebs you're gonna know i'm
interwebbing you a flow whoa hold up i'm
gonna be into ebbing and flowing inside
the letters and the flows that i be
doing expose up the entire
see i'm trying to be doing though
[ __ ] yes you're gonna see me trolling
troll
training on the tracks of the kind sign
all the contracts tonight with conrad's
make contact in your mind as i might
blast and show y'all that i'm spitting
you the lyrics who the dude who gonna
spit your other lyrical tutorials yes
i'm gonna draw it on the mind for you
draw it on the youtube for you yes i'm
gonna paint you all the pixels on your
screen that gone frame by frame go move
inside the video that gonna teach you
things you're gonna learn
that the dual gonna tell you how the
things work engineer you're all the
truth inside all the rhythm that be
nearing two now the levels that you
never thought were possible hold up i
see no obstacles i'm gonna build an
obstacle for you hold up
kerry kerry gonna be dipping now peace
now
speaking you this energy now he's wild
he be going crazy yes he must be seen
now
let's do a trap type
we're gonna get it we're gonna get it
ah
hold up hold up
hold up hold up shout out to the people
chillin
chillin
all right you know i'm gonna flow but
fly lyrics inside of your mind
they be sleepin on me like koala
yes they gonna be under
a spell
they be down under you know i'm gonna
spare
it
hold up while we do it let go
other the lyrical facts that i'm gonna
get you hold up while we doing playing
you know what lyrics i'm circular
breathing like a degenerato
oh
ho
up yes i'm spilling you the flow
up with the feeling in my soul
love that i'm giving out to you hold up
what we doing let's get this kind of get
edited so the [ __ ] rhyme live when he
said this press enter yes i said
sentences and it gonna be live so alive
yes i got inside your mind it's
judgmental monumental
kind
[Music]
i show you that i'm never gonna
relinquish yes i'm gonna tell you that
they do extinguish any fire that they
gone thought they had you know that they
can't flow so distinguished i'm gonna
spit the english i'm gonna spin you the
things that you're wishing for you're
gonna know that i'm gonna be killing
yours i'm spitting you the infinite
limits in this linguistic hold up
yes i'm gonna be absolute with the
rhymes yes i'm gonna be telling you i'm
gonna get to a different level yes i'm
gonna find all of the lines i'm always
going to be positive on the y
[Music]
absolute with the things that they try
in my mind and the function bumping
something different yes you're gonna see
me spit this never gonna need to ride
the paragraph i'm telling you i gonna do
this it's the dude who gonna spew this
concentrate on the lines to say song yes
you gon know that i'm gonna be old
liaison hold up what we doing yes i'm
gonna be flexing yes i'm gonna be
texting you the lyric lessons and i got
the blessings and i'm gonna test him
off the top of my mind and the raptors
yes i cause all the wrath inside the
mind when they gonna think that they
could be rapping better than the door
yes i got the patterns
[Music]
yes i'm winning every day yes i get the
word flowing in your mind i'm gonna flow
the gritty the thoughts are gonna be so
nobility hold up so noble with the peace
i'm gonna be spewing to you
oh hold up what you thought to do what's
gonna do
the line i'm just gonna find solitude
then i do this got the greatest type of
flames inside the line and i'm going to
see all of the wet freeze 10 coming
through yeah low i do yeah loud to smg
flex on the free got to just go inside
my me find solitude soul willow in the
tomb know who you need to do
oh no he confused this lyrical energy
that you're gonna need now hold up you
know that i'm gonna be speaking you
things you gonna be just getting inside
of your mind when he be spelling you the
things he telling you the things he
swelling you the things he dwelling
inside of his mind
slightly out of the pocket with the
limits at a try nah hold up you know
that i'm going this new rare stuff
gonna be the guy who gonna lead this new
era of dudes after the mac dude we're
gonna do this last uh legacy forever
with the people that gon do it like he
speak
fully believe it my g who knew that the
new era of the dudes who be spitting in
this rap game homie gonna do this [ __ ]
off they don't cause they're gonna get
the quality of the quality and you're
gonna know that it's gonna grow
yes that's what i'm gonna be thinking
inside my solitude hold up every smg
coming through
if he knew what to nearly two
if he's nothing yes i'm gonna cure your
snuffies and i know that i'm gonna be
speaking pure
flowing through the thoughts inside of
my mind
go and tell you what
i'm gonna be thinking tonight i
hold up
you
know that
we
gonna be
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yes i'd like to show you that i'm
throwing out the fire got the hydrants
[Music]
so high
douse you in the lyrics and i see great
phrases coming through 50 dkk is on the
screen cause i'm gonna get you the
answers shouts out to the dude and it'd
be neat joe hansen i show you that i'm
gonna be lost inside of my mind i think
you'll find me in my mind yes you know
i'm gonna be locked in the rhymes hold
up what we doing you know that i'm
moving do the lyric true [ __ ] every
[ __ ] day who the dude who choosing
all the dreams is lucid every second i
be living in the [ __ ] lane hold up
con gonna move this lyrics that gonna
maintain your mind you know that i got a
straight maze right in front of me all
upon the compass homie bumping north
south east west compass homie what we
doing
cause i make you bop now i make you sway
yes i'm gonna cop all your energy and i
say you the flame that you're needing
yes i'm speaking you my reason 18 people
gonna say he's gonna be the flame
speaker of the [ __ ] rhyme
hey he's gonna move and then i say these
lyrics that i'm feeling in the line
whoa
you know there to go through
pyromaniac with the flames bro throwing
you the thoughts i'm gonna be just
getting yes i'm gonna fossilize the
ancient flow like so forensic or what we
do you know that i'm going before my
ethics i'm going to tell you that i'm
yelling for when i'll be hit i might
show you that i'm going to be putting
you the lyrics this is something
different easy how i'm on a roll kind
showing you one but my green like the
other side bro with my mental i'll be
going and i know
that them always got the flow so the
grass is always watered in my mind and
in my soul
whoa let me show you that inside my lawn
and inside my home i be feeling really
dope can i tell y'all that i'm doing
this kid kinda gonna be sweet with the
cold flow like some cool whip
you know that i'm gonna teach you what
you need uh reaching for a teacher and
i'm gonna reach your demands with the
flow that i see
on demand now hold up you know that i'm
gonna wrap my heart
old school yes i'll be at jurassic park
with the way i'm breaking out the cage
yes you know no asteroid could be
bumping me i'll be rocking harder i'll
be rocking honor another different
universal lover i'll be vibing yes i was
that asteroid homie cause i was the
particles that be flowing through the
heat that be busting through the dome of
the earth hold up what we doing i be you
too homie yes connected in the [ __ ]
energy that we feeling yes i test you
with the melodies that you're needing
but you know i'm gonna speaker free that
gonna make you think a little
differently yes you're gonna know i'm
gonna let it be so i'm gonna be the best
beer get it easy in the lyrics that i'm
gonna speak it'd be peasy be lemon
squeezy making lemonade with the logical
the flow that i'm taking this in my mind
and you're gonna see me flow now kind
never gonna see no clone now
with the test that i'm gonna pass now
hold up you gon know
what the dude is gonna say in the flow
that he gonna sway in your souls i'm
gonna be making you feel a different way
now
i'm going to a higher level in my mind
this ain't no rap [ __ ] homie this the
rapture homie yes you're going to come
through and i'm going to spit your
stories yes you have faith that the duel
gone blessed base con gonna move ya and
your face gonna stink now as i'm gonna
thank y'all as i'm gonna be spinning
like the water bottle in my mind i'm
gonna be off the top with off the little
lyrics you know that the muffy visuals
with the things i got to spit it for you
yes i got the riddles guess i'll go to
fiddle with thoughts come
different yes i'm gonna say phrases yes
you know i killed that b they're gonna
be painstaking with the work i'm going
to be spending in the lines i'm going to
free it for you yes i got the lyrics
like encyclopedia you're going to see
the vocabulary of the kind with the
master freight freeze hold up what we
doing yes i'm going to bump me kind of
be thinking in the moment that's what
gonna succeed in the logical thoughts in
my mind enough of the raps khan gonna
show you that it's never cloudy no
overcast unless it's cloudy with the
lyrics that i store up on your mind with
all the lyrics that are tragically
divine and it's gonna sound like magic
every time i wander on a hold my wand
i'm going to be sticking in your mind
with all the freeze that going to spell
ya
yes it's going to be bubbling and you
know i'm going to be on one
got the potion got the antidote it's
cooking stirring right up in my cauldron
call the kind who'll be groaned in his
mind hold up no ignoring the guy cause
he
exploring the spells in the chemistry
that he be mixing in the lyric gb
moving in your mind knee deep deep dive
in your mind he be
speaking you're the lyrics keeping paces
with the races no one running at it's
outer space kid with the lyrics and the
skatins out the pattern [ __ ]
with the patterns after saturn
what we're doing yes i'm going speedy
yes we are going to make the laughter
breathe in the line and you know it's
going to be dark matter infinitely
neglecting the negating space [ __ ] i
don't know but you know that i'm going
to be spitting the flow and you're gone
see it flow like the water gonna flow
through the pipes inside your dome
inside your blood inside your thoughts
you're gonna be thinking that the dude
you never never never gonna stop and i
know i'm gonna bump you yes i'm popping
all your bubbles with my vision out the
space you're gonna see it through the
hubble and you know your hubbies and
your misses gonna tune to all the things
that i'ma wonder and you're gonna know
you missed it if you do not tune into
the thunder that is gonna be dripping
through the storms inside my brain i'm
gonna be thinking different on the brink
of spitting you the things you need it
he be seeding you the trees you know i'm
gonna go unravel your mind you know i'll
be the rhyme traveler i travel through
the rhyme yes you're gonna need to
rewind i'm gonna speak your divine
energy the spirit so high experience the
high you know it's going to be the flow
lord kind as a flow mo rhymes to the
dude playing fo-fo too on the ride and
you're gonna see me pass it in your
[ __ ] mind shine like a diamond no
clone in the guy no doper guy who'll be
spitting you the overdose of rhymes oh
he gonna fly
hi
[Music]
how you doing tonight that be switch
wise a little bit
uh how are we feeling today people i
lost i lost the beast which i'm not
gonna lie
moving moving moving hold up yes it's
nothing in the room
all the people thinking that i'm not
gonna understand that i'm gonna be the
man now yes it is the plan to be
spitting off the tab with the lyrics and
the patterns gonna sit upon your man now
hold up you know that i'm a god this
kind is gonna see it so telescopic you
know i'm gonna scope you through your
tellies through your screen through your
phone you're gonna see me yes you're
gonna be in the scope cause i see you
hold up yes i'll put you when i see you
hold up yes i got the icy tunes that
you're gonna need from the dude likely
to do you the lyrical flow so vulnerable
as i'm going to expose my soul i'm going
to speak these lyrics and your smile yes
you're cheesy
clean wet like a squeegee see you
clearly get you the wet flows yes i got
the power to be clean in all your mind
i'll be the shower yes i'm going to show
you that i do devour the beat he be gone
maintain inside of the flow when you
know that my brain never gonna strain
i'm just gonna flex a little blow work
it out a little bro but you know i'm
gonna leave your breathless with the
[ __ ] blow hold
i up go and tell you that it's gonna be
snuffy giving me the dark words that it
must be hold up missed one missed two
holistically imma flow viciously you
gonna know it's the g who'll be spitting
you the raps are flow you know that i'm
gonna lecture you like hannibal i'm
gonna do it hold up killing all the bees
i'm gon grow up you know that i'm gonna
blow the fish bro you gonna see me deep
dive this kid who's gonna be flowing you
so official
damn i lost it yes the rare flow that
i'm gonna find you know that i'm gonna
stare at you seeing you yes the flow is
never terrible i'm just gonna tear a
little bit of lyrics in your mind i got
a terabyte of the drive in the [ __ ]
mind and i know that i'm storing on your
clouds with the way that i'm thinking of
another storm right up in my mind and
you know that i'm overdosing on the drug
are kind and i tell you that i'm bumping
you inside my [ __ ] mind and you know
you're going to be bugging yes i'm
crawling in your mind just some beetles
classic with the lyrics that always can
rock hold up now
see flows in the rhythm that i speak you
who knew that the dude gonna be saying
comments like beast bro from the duels
who won't tune to all the things that do
who knew
[Music]
clean your mind i wrap you the lyrical
flow breathless like a vacuum hold up
let me stack you another tune yes you
know that i'm clean off top like shampoo
i'm the shampoo one every night guess
i'm gonna stand on my own throne hold up
no
hey
let's not do that
all right pizza the legends
all right pizza the legend chris tanner
coming through with some blasphemy
[Music]
ah
i appreciate that though that the
priesthood
the beats man they're recycling
don't recycle them on me i might need to
select
i might need to select
do you want to dance did we just do this
beat i don't think we did
oh
hold up hold up or should i
let me know if y'all got a p request
hold up what we gonna be doing right now
yes we're going moving hold up let's do
a classic trap let's do a classic the
baby
ivan this was one of my favorites to do
like last year
i haven't listened to this beat in so
long
[Music]
hoda hold up no
you did not know
that the dude is going to spit you all
the hot flows oh i got mo
and i thought so
you just like everything that i'ma drop
yo
what we doing yes tomorrow
mankind gonna go crazy and you're gonna
find time to
tune into the rhymes out my [ __ ] mind
chime bright start prime time with the
rhymes bro hold up what we be doing
kindness don't need to move right up
inside your mind yes you know that i'm
gonna move it right beside your mind i'm
trying to send you your rose you know
that i'm pounding all of the dollars
scholarly you know i maintain vibing
hold up what we be doing yes i'm gonna
need to do this yes i'm gonna go the
dudes that i be dude who speak the true
[ __ ] hold up what we be doing smg gone
coming through with all of the ten we
see inside the room it gonna blend and
tune this black and yellow black and
yellow whizzing through the line shuts
out with khalifa yes you know we steady
feeling high and i do the lyrics you
know that are you gonna witness all the
things i do you know it's so
incorporated in this business kind of
blowing your eyes and you're going for
swive
had a great dinner you know that i just
gonna spit off the top yes i'm gonna be
the winner of the things they're gonna
go and drop hold up what we be doing i
speak these lyrical easy those you gon
need it about to go ahead till your
place fine out there give live yes
you're gonna find out i'm gonna find you
you know that i do try all of the
logical trying to read the comment i'm
gonna tell you that you found out that
she isn't your ex's best friend hold up
what we be doing damn we missed it on
the swipes didn't really understand what
he'd be saying on the line needed to
catch it back so now we gonna be
speaking up off the mind telling your
stories that you need to hear when i'm
gonna tell your rhymes hold up what we
be doing all right yes i'm on the tinder
yes i'm gonna see you swipe right swipe
left you know we talking now we chatting
saying what's good how's it going what
is happening are you chilling oh you're
feeling dope we could be rapping we
could be hurt we could be lamping
chilling you know we moving and you
gonna see that chibi my exes we moving
imma tell you that i'm showing you it's
crazy that that happened i'll probably
be texting my ex like this happen i
don't know what my relationship with x
is gonna be but that's probably what i
would want to do up in the beat and i'd
probably cut it off right there probably
wouldn't want that drama best beware yes
i'll move on g but you know that
emotions can really get into the place
and switch up your mind and switch up
your face and switch up the way you feel
in your brain when you're gonna see the
perfect energy that you feel when you're
tired and attracted
damn
[Music]
oh smg shouts out to you homie
i i lost it in the in there i definitely
lost it slightly in there
um just because i didn't know what was
going on
hoda i feel like
what do you want to do
it's approaching that time
you know wordplay wednesday is tonight
this is just the pre-game
boy
but you know that i got at least one
more beat for you
who knows
we move
each is on
imma spit the flow for days you know
that i'm playing backgammon then i'm
playing okay i'm chilling out in turkey
yes you'll see the [ __ ] waves just
the breezes on my face at the beach it's
gonna sway my mind the trees the breeze
the things i see i be
living in my mind in istanbul g i'm
gonna show you that i'm flying it's the
god telling you a mod find the logical
flow off top and tell you all the things
i'm living back in elementary it just
meant to me so much to just get the
friend like what they doing why they
shaking hands why they playing with them
why should i do different i should
probably find people who i vibe with i'm
gonna be five learning how to be alive
i'm just thinking yes i'm speaking my
mind it's a rainy day i'll probably find
time to just game and play some pokemon
i'm going strong hold up what my friend
is doing i must just place a call mom
can i go call and hang out with the p's
who gonna be
[Music]
chilling with me yes we moving growing
on yes you know i'm gonna be high with
the lyrics that i try yes i'm schooling
you with flow hold up yes i'm doing
really dope yes i'm playing on the
soccer team yes i got to speak you my
lyrical energies that i walk through
who knew yes you're going to see me know
my piece give it to you yes i'm going to
find my piece and put it right together
in the puzzles i see yes you know it's
always going to be full picture when i
speak it's smg with the 10 that he send
and i know that it's going to be tender
with embers of land yes i'm cooking and
i'm beating up the beat it seems the
bill gonna show you that he got the flow
for you yes i'm four renault like
chicago bulls and i tell ya that i rap
you something me and khan windmills yes
i'm dunking like is that levine and i'm
dishing switching situations yes i'm
flowing you the freezing flow was frozen
shouts out the rosin his be flowing
frozen in his veins cause he gon be
swishing when he fade away in its game
shouts out to the dude yes you know the
raptors playing d full co-pressing yes
it's going to be fred vanvlie getting
flows getting quickness yes he dribbling
yes he tossing alley-oops and scotty
barnes is gonna be getting to the hole
they gonna be putting pressure 94 feet
yes you see them move and you go know
that they best believe that if they
could maybe just get it a little bit
under control then they'd succeed but
they couldn't yes they lost the ball
lost their energy looked deflated g but
good thing they were up 20 and good
thing that derozan got the ball and felt
something good thing that he was at his
home back in toronto you know the team
that's traded dude for the dude that won
a ring so it was the first time that
they played up there again and he knew
that he had to make a statement so he
took the ball step step one two cross
get it in the post
gary trent couldn't do much he's gonna
smg getting me inside my bag yes i just
watched that game yesterday or no two
days ago i'm gonna say that i'm
gonna give you these
[Music]
commentaries of all these games inside
the freeze just watch and see
[Music]
oh man
shouts out to everyone chilling
um that's one of my favorite beats
when i want to slow it down
i didn't necessarily want to do anything
but that one came on hold up
hold up
[Music]
full circle
with the basketball right because we did
best about before
um that is two hours people we'll do
we'll do this one more beat of course
okay junior
but but but you know that we bump bump
yes i'm going jump jump
[Music]
tell you what you need just to tell you
what you need wanting to bump up
yes you know it's gonna be word play
wednesday harry mad gonna say the best
phrase best flames frame by frame yes
we're gonna do it and i say these great
oh [ __ ] is big d it be six one three are
we going ot i don't know my g i'll
probably flow for d who don't tune to me
you gon know that this bit is so
elliptical g i'm gonna be flowing
through the circles yes i'm bending your
mind you know the circles of your minds
i'll be bending tonight as i'll be
speaking you the lyrics that won't
explode your mind it's not really a band
it's like a crack that i find all up on
your skulls and i'm gonna talk and take
a pull i'm gonna be toking with the gold
that i'm seeing in my skull you know
what gold mine lives inside the caves
inside the hieroglyphics in my eyes i
see it i'll be right in you you're
subscribed to the lyrics through the sky
i just say that i found the foundation
that i'm building in the phrase and
you're gonna see me send it through
electricity and i'm gonna bump into your
subs and your stations see me do it
really crazy see i'm going connected
through the circuitries and flames i'm
gonna be getting earning all the time
that i be spitting and i need this kind
gonna be making classic songs like q-tip
and i'm gonna do this shout out and i do
flood flows hold up shouts out to the wu
tang bro great listening to raps from
the dude it's iconic and i know that i'm
spitting you the lyrics that i'm
chatting and i know
that we be moving and i'm going to be
psyched with my edits that i do very
lively some tripping through the journey
in my mind on drug con soul psychedelic
and i tell y'all that i'm spitting you
the rarefacts love that you are best
friends with harry meg shouts out to the
brother that's the homies we live in
through the life together yes you know
it's so familiar that we feeling really
crazy when we gonna be saying all these
phrases and you know it's gonna be the
blazing fire that we laying on your mind
in layman terms that be the best feeling
in the [ __ ] world in the land i don't
know expand to a different type of level
you know that that be the next man who
gonna give you all the lyrics yes i get
command other thoughts kind going to be
on demand don't know he gonna be the man
who gonna flow no he do not stop and
then he gonna tap into the lyrics off
tap my dude yes you draft the dude and
you sip the lines that i spit you'll
find time to say cheers to the god cause
he the
rhyme for the people who gon tune in yes
it's 19 online and i find me divine with
the things that i try to just spit it
you know that i'm gonna get it so
infinite with the scripture i predicted
in the diction that i'm spitting so
addicted to the things i'm adding right
together yes you're gonna be itching for
the lyrics that i'm twitching yes you're
gonna see the flow switching oh it's the
dude
who gonna know that he do this to do
who gonna do this a different type soon
each and every night that he gonna move
hold up yes i'm going to be the flyest
lyrics just connected yes i'm feeling
reunited with the lines i'm flying right
up in your mind you know i'm going to
bump the cold free yes i'm showing you
the lo and the v and i might just add an
e cause it's so emotional when i spit
you all the motions of my low oh hold up
yes you're smiling low to lobe kind
getting right inside of your frontal
lobe inside of your
[Music]
brain i'm a range you'll die come back
hold up yes i'm dead yes you know i'm
getting to a different space in my head
what is happening when imma move hold up
am i instantly waking up inside a
different speed different creature i
don't know it's the feature that i'm
thinking maybe i'll go up in my knee in
my spiritual energy and then move on a
little bit differently and then just one
day prove con is now grown out this memo
i don't know what i'm doing
i feel helpless i'll be probably walking
yes i'm trying to take a breath yes i'm
lost inside this world i need to get
inside my head what is going on i'll be
crawling yes i'm finding mom yes i'm
squealing yes i know i'm gonna be moving
all around and my brothers and my
sisters gonna be moving side to side and
you know that now we sucking on some
teeth and you're gonna find me eating is
that what squirrels do i don't know i
might just eat a [ __ ]
cracker or some [ __ ] walnut i don't
want to say eat or not pause
[Music]
hold up do i do i have my same memories
you know the same energy of the kind am
i gonna be afresh say your other phrases
and all the freeze am i gonna be the rap
emcee
that gon climb trees and hibernate g
all these other squirrels sleeping on me
i'll be making them go nuts with the
lyrics at the speed
hold up what you need yes i had this
kind gonna be cracking your mind like an
almond
[Music]
how we doing you know that i'm gonna
install what you're gonna want that's a
10 coming through so i'm gonna go do
another beat it's ot dude yes you know
that is gonna overflow and then smg
coming through with the ten my dude and
that was extra homie you know that that
test your homie yes i'm gonna bless your
homie yes i'm gonna get the whole free
in your mind
what we doing yes aside
every mac is live
right now i know but the dude smg never
seen me go so i need to do one more beat
i know
it's the feeling that i feel if you
don't
it's the energy that i feel it's the
love
it's the things i'm telling you g every
day every time i bump yes i jump to the
thoughts inside my mind when i give you
what you want with the lyrics that i try
to think of on the spot and it's crazy
that
that's even a thing
let me tell you that i need to just sing
i'm going to tell you the things it's
going to notify you on your phone i'm
clocking the dings you're gonna know i'm
gonna show y'all that i'm spitting you
the flow drop oh no ain't that ver drop
the flow see i'm speeding up the park
it yes the pocket yes i lost it but i
found it but i lost it on purpose yes
you know i'm gonna be driving now i'm
hitting on the brakes i'm gonna say that
i'll be cruising on the way that you're
gonna need hold up yes you drive
gonna be slower than the con can't keep
pace with this race hold up
spray you with the mace
cold red on your eyes and on your face
cause you're so high with the lines that
i'm gonna say hold up y'all bots that
delete you gonna sway now
love your broth it be matthew
ooh you know that i'm gonna had to
permanently ink a flow off the top like
a tattoo
[Music]
under your skins i'm a splinter yes i'm
gonna feel like into inter
till the people enter yes i'm feeling
like the kin to people inter all the
things are spitting yes i'm getting
under skins i'll be a splinter i've been
the dude who gon reduce the things he
gonna introduce inside your mind is
gonna be so pleasant pleasant you know
i'm in the presence of the flows i'm
birthing it's a b placenta
brought it back you know i'm gonna do a
concur with the people who gon think the
kind gon conquer
the guy who swerved the sword i'm going
to be slicing dice and so enticing lines
i'm going to be cooking up hold my knife
so different that i'm going to slice you
once slice it twice slice it thrice give
your triplets other cuts i'm going to
spit you what you want i'm going to be
spitting you lyrics that you're going to
be needing for me to do it viciously
i'll be telling you i'll be so
interstellar bruh i'm going to tell you
that i'm going to do it to my liking
spit it to you so cold and flowing
upward like a viking hold up
yes i don't got the things i spitting
you all the logical the things i'm going
to need ambitions for yes i got the
audits in my mind yes i'll audit my zen
every time i end to my mind in my head
i'll never get ahead i'm always going
behead the moment oh he banned you the
lyrics like the gills i breathe inside
of the flow cutting off the head
flopping like a fish it seems like a
guillotine when i speak a mean flow you
know
that i'm gonna say hi
to the people online
who the dude who got the strong round
all night long wrong
i just make a beat off the spot and it's
cold like i write it but i never write
it now i go in my mind i find it got the
time to scour in my mind i got the power
yes you know the rhyme devourer is khan
yo
i know for a fact
the man the myth the legend the goat the
brother
harry mack is live
so
y'all all better be there
in fact let's let's check if let's check
in for a sec
this is the end of this stream guys um
appreciate y'all
this was fire i felt dope throughout the
whole stream um because you guys energy
was insane
let's let's stop in on my man i've lost
the level of pain is astounding i owe
you a fair bit now i have a beautiful
two-month all right all right let's
let's not tune in um
you go tune in i'm gonna tune in
oh and s
oh my god bro this man is literally the
wildest person i've ever met and i
haven't even met him
because it's smg coming through and he's
sending me 50.
he holding y'all hostage
i'm not hostage
[Music]
oh but hold up if we're gonna 50 50
50 warren to beat selection i feel like
what do i want to spit on
let's browse
oh i actually love this one
i guess i like that
i love this one
and i kind of feel a slower vibe anyway
you know
hold up hold up yes you know we gon be
feeling nifty
cause the duty coming through it's gonna
be 50.
let me lift thee to another level yes
i'm gonna shake your mind experience the
flow divine energy inside the poetry con
is gonna
say up in your mind no pill when the
dude is gonna seem to be rhyming you the
energy that you'll be
thinking in my mind you know i meditate
on me now get it till you're riding time
with flowers hesitations that i'm seeing
from the other dudes the pen is waiting
yes it's in their hand now they thinking
now they not writing wasting time that
they could practice the vibing the
rhyming the delivery the flow the power
that you need to just spit it the breath
control that you need to kill it the
things you're gonna need
let me tell you that you need to lock
down feeling so hostage in your mind do
it every night that you can't stop
thinking about the way you can't stop
thinking bout the way you can't stop
[Music]
how we doing it's the people tuning to
the lyrics that i'm gonna spit to y'all
yes you know that inside my age i'm my
host all the energy i live till this
moment bro
what is age what is time what is fine
what is not what is wrong what is right
i don't know who defines what you're
gone think inside your mind i just don't
suppose
that they got the answers from on who be
thinking they got all the answers so i'm
gonna go inside my mind and spit you all
these [ __ ] stanzas that i'm thinking
just the patterns of the life we live
and gonna be different when the khan is
spitting cuz you gonna see it's
constantly be different yes i
consciously be thinking that i'm gonna
tune into the science and emotions that
i'm gonna be seeing in the rhythm and
the g and the g and the notes that i'll
be putting in the measures g yes i got
the treasure key off the chest i'll be
starting five yes i switched to three
con gonna tell you that he be the guy
who just
do it from the bottom to the top from
left to right i swear yes i'll be it
khan is gonna speak it yes it's la la la
give your you the liar lyrics yes
fire out the earth i'm entering my
[ __ ] soul hold up what we doing i'm
gonna install your mind another line
that you're gonna like it's a kind yes i
know i'm spitting you the rhymes you
like hold up what we doing yes i know
who i be now i'm giving you the soulful
energy now pal vision c khan sini johan
sin and i see my god matthew pulled the
tune into the way i'm going to never
ghost you giving you the message on time
yes i'm gonna do it never gonna be
poltergeist yes i'm riding with the fire
off my [ __ ] mind do a wheelie as you
see me spit the freesty off the heezy
heebie-jeebies i be breathing every time
that i be breathing he be
telling you that i speak you what you
need who is the dude
[Music]
[Music]
officially one of your crew now
i appreciate you
hey smg the love that i feel towards you
is crazy
you know
see i'm gonna be moving in my mind who
is dudu so divine is he godly on the
mind cause he know we gonna be god and
he know you gonna be god and you know we
feeling fine and you know we connect
online and people can't really do that
so you feeling fine you could be feeling
right you could be thinking tonight that
you could live your [ __ ] dream in the
seconds you try to put inside the energy
that gonna get inside y'all mind a
different level higher in the things
that you want and do that for like five
years in the seconds that you spent with
fear not doing what you think that you
could be doing all right let me get off
the high horse and i tell ya let that
spit you all the lyrics fine courses
that imma ace shouts out television
shots of luck shots are peter i was
gonna be done but smg gonna get me into
different type of levels in my mind see
i'll be sweating out the temple with the
lyrics never sweating you a rhyme i'll
be doing this i'm getting better every
lecture i'm gonna be learning as i'm
testified to my [ __ ] mind yes the
testament's a kind that i'll do it off
the top yes you're going to see me
living really fine always honest never
got the time to compromise how many is
that there's like one maybe two rules
that i'm gonna lie down and i got the
laws of con and it's always fine the
sway in the line that you see in your
brain when the rhythm gonna give you
these melodies that gon test your g as
you're gonna know that you need to cook
a recipe yes the words you're gonna
think words you're gonna need to just
spit just you're gonna sink inside of
the way you think and i know it's gonna
be flowing through the rhythm through
the waves that bouncing in the sound
that's so pronounced inside the vibe
that you're feeling in the waves inside
your brain that can sway yes you know
that you need to maintain the flow crave
yes you're gonna see them dance yes they
gonna rave to the way that you take aim
and shoot them down yes you say what you
got to say hey to the people yes i'm
going to say that i'm spitting you a
cold flow what we doing yes i say that
you need bruh to be spitting you another
flame in the room i'm a chef now yes i'm
going to cook you all the best style
free with the time that does picture on
the mixture of the chaos i know that
it's okay us only with the ones who know
that the dude k gon trust in you that
you gon know that you're adjusting the
tone if you're smiling your soul feeling
dope so high with the way that i'm gonna
speak my mind peace out to the nine
still chilling to the kind when the duke
harry max still live and you gon know
that i'm gonna smack you twice if you
don't click on that link that that guy
posted online actually i was the one who
posted that online shouts out to me who
does a lot of the posting behind y'all
mind that you see on
social media meet me
uh all right
it's me every diya when i speak you know
every day i'll be a d.o god in the
energy that i lay inside the flames that
i see from people
it's bi with the linguistics i try to
just spin this i try to just riddle
y'all
find little flaws i've been the door to
find intentions and the lines that i'm
testing inside your intestines i be
feasting y'all the blessings that you
[ __ ] out is love through your eyes
through your fingers that you're typing
on hold up
why is [ __ ] worse than other things
that you eject as waste or why is it
waste
all right i'm getting why i'm just
[ __ ] saying [ __ ] at this point um
shout out to the people chilling with me
we went a little bit extra time because
my man smg tuned into the con and was
like damn bro here's a lot
of love
here's some ot for the flows g
until you know that i need to go and
toast thee to the people
all right though it's gonna be um
and you know it's the consequence of the
moves dude gonna do peace out to jiao
paish and matthew
poulter as i
[Music]
see pal vision in the line in jail posh
and peter
luck still on they've been on the whole
time and that's love my god
uh more guys and it's newa tunili who
was here as well and you see me hey
what's good sarah
i don't know if i saw
you
oh well peace out dude
it'd be big d613 who came in at the last
second g
um and we peace it out
catch whatever else that i drop on my
channel
uh we got some more stranger flows of
course
um no streams for like 10 days
um because
i'm traveling so peace out
on the streams
but anyway will is in the room
uh
peace out y'all peace out the love is
real the love is real
go check out the harry mack stream of
course like what are you doing
what are you doing
[Music]
peace